No	>>> [1]Contact Me Now to Make $100 Today!$LINK
No	Act now to keep your life on the go!
No	Choose between $500 and $10000 dollars with up to 5 years to repay!
No	Click above to earn today.
No	Click here to receive your first $10 today:
No	Click here to start shopping now: $LINK
No	Click here to watch this now, I'm not sure how long he'll leave this up in public:*ï¿½
No	Confirm now and view your first great opportunity
No	Copy and paste this link into your browser to see your results now.
No	Find out how to add clippings to your pressroom in this 125 seconds video
No	Go Here Now For Direct Access
No	Go Here Now For More Information
No	If you do not have Adobe Acrobat Reader, please click below and follow instructions for free download: http://tr.innovyx.com/redir.asp?148_46_2788
No	If you do not want to confirm, simply ignore this message.
No	If you don't want to change your password, just ignore this message.
No	If you see nothing or a banner below please click here <http://www.bzprod.tv/mail/View.jsp?buzzmailId=186&mailId=an9_28_01> Notice:You are receiving this email because your email address was used to receive an on-line price quote, or because it was provided with a vehicle request.
No	If you see nothing or a banner below please click here <http://www.bzprod.tv/mail/View.jsp?buzzmailId=186&mailId=an9_28_01>.
No	If you want to see how I got out of debt, click the link below:
No	In honor of Memorial Day, take advantage of this special deal.
No	In honor of Mother's Day, take advantage of this huge discount.
No	In the event that he does phone, we would 20 like to make sure that Mr. Lay gets this information prior returning the call.
No	Join now:
No	Jude, search now and claim today's entry!
No	Keep moving it forward.
No	Open Glyder to get your feedback template - it's FREE for one week only!
No	Or mail Work Now America at... 519 Somerville Avenue Suite 323, Somerville, MA 02143.
No	Over and over again, you tell us how much Plans help you make God’s Word a daily part of your life.
No	Please add events@communications.onekingslane.com to your address book to ensure delivery to your inbox.
No	Please add mailto:jobs@snagajob-email.com jobs@snagajob-email.com to your address book.
No	Please add to white list safe sender list.
No	Please add us to your Contacts
No	Please addevents@communications.onekingslane.com to your address book to ensure delivery to your inbox.
No	Please go to the link below to register by verifying your email.
No	Please sign in into the addappt app with your this particular email and the invitation code provided:
No	Please use the link below to activate your account.
No	Run heat-generating appliances like ovens and dryers early in the morning or late at night.
No	Save an Extra $30 on 3 Night Stays
No	Search Jobs Now $LINK
No	Search and apply to jobs near you today.
No	Send us an email at support@evite.citysearch.com.
No	Start Clicking Here Now If You Want It $LINK
No	Start saving your money now and start clipping coupons!
No	Stay 3+ Nights & Save $30
No	Stay in the loop, here is a snapshot of what's going on in your Pink Pad groups this week.
No	Take a few minutes out of your weekend to switch accounts.
No	That is why I am calling on all you prayer warriors I need you to be in prayer with me this week.
No	To ensure delivery to your inbox, please add Help@e.Nelnet.net
No	To ensure delivery to your inbox, please add QuiBids@win.quibids.com
No	To ensure delivery to your inbox, please add newsltr@pathmark.vertismail.com
No	To ensure delivery to your inbox, please add notifications@socialreader-email.com to your address book and safe-sender list.
No	To ensure delivery to your inbox, please add notifications@socialreader-mail.com to your address book and safe-sender list.
No	To ensure delivery, please add bookit@bookitmail.com to your address book.
No	To ensure future delivery of email, please add email@mail.adobesystems.com to your address book, contacts or safe sender list.
No	To ensure future delivery of emails, please add mailto: specials@papajohns-specials.com
No	To ensure our emails are delivered to your inbox, please add us to your Contacts list.
No	To ensure that you continue receiving our emails, please add us to your address book or safe list.
No	To ensure that you continue to receive our emails, please add GSNnews@email.gsn.com to your address book.
No	To ensure that you keep getting all your email, please add gamefly@emails.gamefly.com
No	To ensure that you will receive emails from us, please add noreply@myscore.com to your address book.
No	To ensure your emails come to your inbox, please add mailto:events@communications.onekingslane.com
No	To help you get to know us better we'd like to tell you more about membership, our partnership with parents like you, and the value we place on making a difference in the world.
No	To make sure you receive the most up to date deals, please add deals@motovy.com to your address book.
No	Try 2 Weeks Free:
No	Your name, company name and address, state of incorporation, phone and fax number, as well as an e-mail address, if available, should be included (please print or type).
No	As you recall, we had a very lengthy discussion regarding the magnitude of the work associated with the hearings and associated briefs.
No	Does that mean that you're finally freed from that hairball?
No	How many hours a night do you sleep?
No	I will send an e:mail later in the day to see when we can get together.
No	If you haven't already, please don't forget to rate us!
No	If you need to change or cancel your appointment, please do so at $LINK
No	If you read Lessig's piece &amp; agree that researchers should have to disclose conflicts of interest, pls sign petition $LINK
No	If you swipe down, a beautifully wooden shelf will appear & a blue tag saying 'TIDY ME' which you should touch.
No	If you wish to not receive further communication via email from our company or would like to find out more about this sender, please update your profile preferences $LINK
No	If you wish to stop future mailings, please follow here $LINK
No	If you would like to cancel or change your Membership options, just visit My Account on Rhapsody.com.
No	If you'd like to disable these notifications, please visit your profile at: $LINK
No	If you'd like to no longer receive these emails, please follow the instructions below.
No	If you'd like to receive a coupon for $3 off your next purchase of 6 lbs or more, please complete the form.
No	If you'd like to turn this off, please visit your AppShopper profile to make changes to your email
No	If you'd like to view or change your account information, please visit $LINK
No	If you're interested but aren't one of the first 150, we will have plenty of other opportunities to invite you to join us throughout the year.
No	Now let me tell you why this medallion and Archangel Michael, the most powerful of angels, can deliver the miracles, protection, guidance and love you need to change your life so you can live your dreams.
No	Please answer me 0 Comments $LINK
No	Please keep in mind that if you have more than one video, you'll need to download each one separately.
No	Please try to delete the application and install it again.
No	Please try to sign up again at $LINK
No	Pronounced Jane-nee, but you can call me Chickengirl.
No	She put together a little something - if you can use it fine, if not, that's fine too.
No	Talk with you tonight.
No	Tap Pet Hotel - Can you grow your small kennel into a world-class pet hotel getaway?
No	The issue is a great example of the intersection of our business interests with public policy debates and should promote a lively discussion when we get together.
No	The only bad thing is they have to let us know tomorrow if they are interested.
No	The reception for PaperKarma has been tremendous and we're trying to catch up with the traffic - we apologize for any delays!
No	They have a big shop and you should know some of the people there.
No	We either need to have someone riding herd on Tozzini on this (I thought it was Jose) or I need to go to SP and make this happen.
No	We had some helpful discussion about assignment, but I'm not sure how much progress was made.
No	We have our staff meetings the 1st and 3rd Wednesday at 130. I missed the last one, so I should make it to this one.
No	We hope you enjoy Omni Sync Server, but please keep in mind that this is still in beta and things may break, the server may go down, or your data may disappear.
No	We want to welcome you to the Horizon Card Services family of products and feel confident that you will soon realize the full benefits of this wise credit decision as you join the thousands of other highly satisfied Horizon Gold Card privileged Members.
No	We will be in Bay City on Saturday, but I don't know if it will be overnight.
No	We will have 9 for dinner, not counting the 6 year old who will have eaten (although he will eat a piece of bread, if offered).
No	We're going to have a Legal happy hour tomorrow at the Blue Agave, and it would be no party without you there.
No	Where do you stand on the individual rights of a smoker?
No	You should also install the Kicksend iPhone app, which will let you send all the photos and videos you take instantly from your iPhone to any email.
No	lose everything and go to prison for 25 years or return to Belfast to spy on her own family.
No	—NickyEven if you already enjoy reading your Bible, did you know that some of our most popular Bibles…can also read to you? Listening to the Bible lets you experience God’s Word while you’re doing other things—driving, exercising, even reading along!
No	- Convert To: Instantly convert emails into Appointments, Meetings, Memos or Tasks.
No	Also, Brent would be in the best position to ensure that the logistics team meets requirements for timeliness and accuracy of volumetric information so that we can achieve our target headcount reduction in gas operations of 52 by year end 2000.
No	Also, for persons over 40 who are signing waivers, we must provide them with the census data about persons under 40/over 40 who were offered a package, as well as their title and age.
No	Because of that I'd like to ensure you that we will make every effort to guide you and answer all your questions about Mobile Publishing.
No	Before you can use truffles, you must gently clean it from the ground with a soft brush, in order to eliminate all the ground particles.
No	But what does brand building consist of, and how do you go about doing it effectively and efficiently?
No	Conference calling will be available.
No	Finally though, we can burst and shout it from the rooftop:
No	Happy Birthday!! What did you get?
No	Hello My Dear, my name is Cynthia,I read your information on face book,and find it truly interesting .That is why I am contacting you so that we can get to know each other better for personal relationship , beside I have a special issue to discuss with you on a very serious note ; i hope to hear from you soon .
No	Hey, you should see us up here.
No	Hopefully we can find a simpler approach, but I don't see any inherent problem with something like that if it seems to make the most financial sense.
No	I am currently a junior-year history student at Occidental College in Los Angeles, but I will be in the Bay Area all summer.
No	I have already given him a heads up on the value at stake if we can come in at the low end of the scale and early.
No	I have asked Dan Lyons to give you a call on this.
No	I have asked my assistant Patti to help me in setting up meetings for next week and I had asked her to arrange a lunch with you and Brent, plus some time for just the two of us to get together.
No	I was going to forward the same thing to you yesterday, but didn't want you to think I was an asshole!!
No	I would like to see it but I bet it takes a while to get the support.
No	I would like to welcome @HillaryClinton the future ............you know what to Twitter!
No	I would love to be there but unfortunately I can't make it.
No	I'll get with you on Monday.
No	I'll give you the details as I confirm my situation with the Portland trip.
No	I'm going to try to make the Thursday 4:00PM appointment.
No	If I can get Steve's assignment finished quickly, I will turn my attention back to this.
No	If you continue to use our services after July 31, 2014, you agree to the updated terms or, if you don't agree, you can cancel your service at any time.
No	If you don't know them they were probably just impressed with your reviews and didn't want to miss any of your app activity!
No	If you don't see the Highlights view yet, you can expect to see it very soon as we roll out the feature to everyone.
No	If you don't think you'll have your book finished in time we don't want you to miss out on this fantastic sale, so until 30 June 2012 you can purchase one of our Gift Vouchers at 20% off*.
No	If you don't want the government to get your $ interest free, but are aware that you may owe $ later on (April 15th), then claim a higher number of dependents and married and jointly.
No	If you don’t have enough transaction history built up in your HelloWallet account at this time, don’t worry, there are still plenty of ways we can help this year, and by this time next year, you’ll have enough history to review.
No	If you would like to change your e-mail address then log on to Pogo.com and update your account information.
No	Instead, I want to meet with Frank Vickers and Ed Baughman (I have known both for years and we get both gas and power covered) either Friday afternoon or Monday to go over the presentation in person and get their thoughts and input (Rahil included).
No	Later, if you do decide to try again, work closely with your health care provider to lower the risks.
No	My WORD as a Christian man is to utilize the 5.8 million dollars that you will donate to me towards the church and if you allow me I have another church in mind that I will like to donate to.
No	Normally we would like to come in for an introduction meeting ( 1 1/2 hours) to get the basic concepts covered and then talk about what our e-Risk Practice does.
No	Notice that I'm not volunteering to make that phone call.
No	On December 7th, we would like to remember and honor the brave men and women who lost their lives in the attack at Pearl = Harbor.
No	SInce there are at least 2 sbeck's here, have you thought about adopting use of your long name address rather than the shorter version to help in further differentiating between us?
No	So now you don't have to go digging around for a comment when you're on a client call.
No	Sorry about the long-winded voice mail.
No	Specifically, we are looking for names and addresses of the following:
No	Sure to please even those who shy away from most mod decor.
No	Tana will attend.
No	The Latest Gadgets, Buy Now or Wait?
No	The sense of urgency for getting this in "the mix" is not as high as it was yesterday, though we'll still need to introduce it at some point very soon.
No	The sense of urgency for getting this in the mix is not as high as it was yesterday, though we'll still need to introduce it at some point very soon.
No	These funds can be deposited directly into your account withno financial or employment verification by tomorrow.
No	This is reminder that your free 14 day trial will come to an end in 2 days.
No	Timeless pieces you'll enjoy now and for years to come.
No	We can make it easy for you.
No	We can make this work either way.
No	We can ship to you or your grad.
No	We should cast a little broader net on this internally--Yoder, Calger, Belden, Foster, Sanders, etc.--but seems that, given the Governor's actions as of late, the likelihood of nonpayment might even be a bit higher than 25%.
No	We stopped by to see Kirk and Sue and I had them give Jerry a call on the phone.
No	We want to reward you for doing what you love.
No	We want to take this opportunity to highlight some of the key changes and what they mean for you.
No	We will also be discussing suggested promotions during this meeting as well.
No	We will update both schedules in the future for all deals originated whether value was originated or not.
No	We will update tomorrow!
No	We'll have to wait til Mark Greenberg gets in tomorrow.
No	We'll see you tomorrow.
No	What time do you get home from school.
No	What, why, who are you #ProudToLove?
No	When you SOW A $365 FAITH SEED, let me tell you what I am going to do… • I will place your name in my Bible for the next year.
No	With Textfree you get FREE unlimited texts and pics, plus make phone calls.
No	With a small group, your talk can be informal and you do not need to prepare slides (unless you would like to do so).
No	With the energy crisis in California at this time, we will need to be extra careful with nominations at Socal and throughout the west to ensure that we continue to provide the excellent nomination service that we have been providing to our customers.
No	You deserve to have a happy Sunday afternoon, and we hope this $100 Walgreens card can make that happen!
No	You don't have to take a day off to attend workshops.
No	The CODnapper and his team of associates rescue unsuspecting fans from their &ldquo;to do&rdquo; lists and everyday chores and deliver them to an oasis known as Onslaught, the first downloadable content pack available for Call of Duty: Ghosts.
No	There's a meeting with a cast of characters to discuss the Westinhouse warranty issues.
No	Let us help you find the right health insurance plan for you and your family.
No	However, if you want to follow Cheryl S click the link below to go to their profile to follow them back.
No	If you would like to be taken off of ALL future mailings from Santander with one-click:
No	U can hit me u later on if u wanna.
No	YOU HAVE HELPFUL OPTIONS IF YOU'D LIKE TO POSTPONE YOUR STUDENT LOAN PAYMENTS FOR 12 MONTHS.
No	The Lord told me that my 300 CLOSEST FRIENDS and PARTNERS WHO RESPOND FIRST are going to experience this UNIQUE 365-DAY MIRACLE.
No	• Whether you’re on your desktop, your mobile device, or your tablet, Unroll.me is there for you with our new responsive design.
No	The Sender and Subject tabs let you quickly act on batches of related email.
No	If you would like to download the SpotCha!
No	So much happens on Twitter every day, whether it's breaking news, a deal at your favorite shop, a local traffic jam or a funny pick-me-up from a friend.
No	You not emailing me.
No	How much will your donation cost me?
No	So, especially given the post-9/11 logistics, it doesn't seem practical for me to come to Dallas for this meeting.
No	I think that moving forward in my new job will not allow me the time to continue our sessions.
No	Why won't they let you go to the Corp. conference?
No	So rather than discuss the transition, Kevin had to react to and absorb this as a possibility.
No	Sean paid me for his and Molly's dinner and Eldon and Nancy will pay me for theirs.
No	Let us give you one less thing to worry about.
No	You can go through the prompts if you would like to take this bonus.
No	Everything given to me for you guys was actually wholesale stuff.
No	I'll forward you a note from Sue to Rosie (and me) that you weren't on.
No	Read me: Four social-media sites for bookworms
No	The sort of pick-me-up every sofa, bed, and chaise needs right around now.
No	Hurry below and choose a reward you'd like to earn.
No	If you would like to opt in, click the link below.
No	Ignore me once and I'll ignore you forever bye.
No	I am copying her on this email so that if I am mistaken, she can let me know.
No	You can use LINE both on iPhones and Androids, download it from here and add me as a friend.
No	Well let me tell you...
No	And if you try to tell me coffee isn't healthy I WILL call you a fucking communist.
No	Help Me Help You
No	Let me just download the new app.
No	Let me sum this up real quick…
No	Will she buy me some toys - a motorcycle, let me get my flying licenses, and a cheaper 4 wheel drive vehicle?
No	Call Me Maybe: Military Version ericraum | July 4, 2012 $LINK
No	Dr. Tomorrow.......my names for a girl.....can you help me....... 45 Votes $LINK
No	Hey call me brothers!😇✈🍟🍗🍖
No	If you enjoy our apps and want to help us to continue to improve our products, please leave us a good review on the App Store.\n\nEnjoy and happy collecting!\n\nEthan C. Allen\nSort It Apps, LLC - Founder\n\nIf you don't want to hear from me anymore, just go here: $LINK
No	Let me call him
No	This might be one of those let me get Alan to help me for a free lunch things.
No	call me crazy 4 Comments $LINK
No	please follow me.
No	...And if you'd like me to answer your question on a video or podcast, please fill out this short survey.
No	3. We are just getting ramped up, so please bear with us.
No	@LILBTHEBASEDGOD PLEASE TELL ME WHY LIL B SOOOOOO RAW!?
No	Actually, you could set the priorities for us.
No	Am I going to get an eye infection if I continue to wear your sunglasses around town?
No	As well, to reduce the conflict between the trading and origination organizations in order to keep us spending more time in the market than focused on internal issues.
No	Attached please find the modified Transaction Agreement which has been revised to reflect the matters you discussed earlier today.
No	Best place to stay--given where you need to be---but sometimes a bit difficult to get in to, is the Park Hyatt.
No	Both test came back abnormal and I am seeing a specialist this week to determine if I need to have a biopsy or not.
No	But I would like to go out on what u might say a date when I get back.
No	But you have to search now to let us know you want to win this amazing vehicle — worth over $38,OOO.OO!
No	Calif GOP Lawmakers Ask PUC President To Resign Updated: Tuesday, March 20, 2001 02:14 PM?ET ?
No	Conference room set up for company annual meetings
No	Do you want to help people?
No	Do you want to make a difference?
No	Does 1PM west coast time work for folks to have a brief kick-off discussion of how we might assess the costs of a California for Californians energy policy?
No	Give 21st Century Auto Insurance a call at 800-493-9489 - we'll try to lower your quote even more by seeing if you qualify for additional discounts.
No	Go get 'em Tiger.
No	Hannah, certain events in our lives should give us reason to pause; on these moments, consider the protection you could get through life insurance.
No	He didn't get it and we need to get that fixed asap.
No	How do you make those ham and tortillia thingys?
No	How would you spend this 100 dollars once it's in your hands?
No	I am going to get fucked on broker gifts this X-mas.
No	I am going to get much closer to the model this time than last because of the turnover due to Robert and Joana moving on.
No	I am writing to each of you because I need you to be in prayer with me this week.
No	I haven't met Kevin yet so if you could mention this to him I would appreciate it.
No	I haven't played softball in a long time, and this is a good way for me to get to know the people that i work with.
No	I hope you can help, we look forward to arranging your live training, and receiving any great photos you want to send.
No	I just want to make sure that Rosie doesn't get all crossed up with many of us sending her stuff.
No	I must reiterate to ALL Members that i certainly don't like to hear this even from One single member therefore i have decided to hold a Live Training Event.
No	I plan to get off @ 4pm and check in the hotel a.s.a.p.
No	I want to get Lee into this also.
No	I want to get a feel for what we have done and set some goals as to what needs to be done.
No	I want to make sure I'm doing everything I can to help you.
No	I want to make sure we have covered all of the counterparties.
No	I was wondering why I wasn't getting any mail.
No	I will call ISDA and try to get a read on what ISDA wants to do which is not clear at this point.
No	I would like to get that from VNG.
No	I'd like to get as diverse a group of co-sponsors as possible, and as many as possible.
No	I'd like to get that available for my trip to Houston next wk.
No	I'll call them tomorrow.
No	I'm available at 8 am (do while you're driving?) and will make my schedule flexible in the afternoon.
No	I'm reading this story, I think you would like it!
No	I'm writing to apply for the marketing internship at BookVibe.
No	I've always wanted to work with books and around the publishing process, and I would love to have some experience in the field.
No	If the enclosed meets with your approval, please have the agreement executed and return a copy to me via fax no.
No	If you can add this feature I promise to give this app a 5.
No	If you can interview well and prepare for the onsloaught of questions and inquiries you may be able to land the job.
No	If you create them all on page 4, all will point to page 4. Try to go to page 2, create one and then go to page 10 create one.
No	If you do encounter "work" via email or are faced with any "work" at all, then to purge the virus, send an email to your boss with the words "I've had enough of your crap... I'm off to the bar."
No	If you download any of these versions to your device, you’ll be able to read it anytime, anywhere—even when you can’t connect to your service provider or to the Internet.
No	If you enjoy Inkflow, please take a moment to rate it again in the App Store.
No	If you estimate this comment useless, please leave us a message!
No	If you ever change your mind and want to give Pinger another try, you can always get a new number.
No	If you ever change your mind and want to give Textfree another try, you can always get a new number.
No	If you find a bug, or anything acting weird please send an email to info@jeeosuite.com.
No	If you find our email in your spam folder please press the 'not spam' button.
No	If you have been unable to find or qualify for the perfect card, please visit below for more results.
No	If you need assistance, write to help@coinkeeper.me
No	If you smoke, use alcohol or take illegal drugs, so does your unborn baby.
No	If you use Pinger to text and call people who are NOT using Pinger, you might want to keep your Pinger number (276) 243-1628 active.
No	If you use Textfree to text and call people who are NOT using Textfree or Pinger, you might want to keep your Textfree number (276) 690-7548 active.
No	If you use Textfree to text and call people who are NOT using Textfree or Pinger, you might want to keep your Textfree number (832) 301-8746 active.
No	If you want to get him/her back on air, just click on the icon again.
No	If you want to learn more about our products visit mobile.intersog.com.
No	If you want to make adjustments, just launch the M.dot app to edit your site.
No	If you want to make more than you know what to do with…
No	If you want to resend your commands, send them to lyris@aallnet.org
No	If you win, you'll be able to do special things for people you care about, to free yourself and your family from financial worries -- and to splurge on life's luxuries.
No	If you wish to continue, please follow the link below:
No	If you would prefer a different card, you can view those other options immediately, as well.
No	If you would still like to shop for a vehicle, you can re-apply at www.RoadLoans.com
No	If you'd like to get some hands on tips and advice for using Zapier just add this event to your calendar for next Wednesday .
No	If you'd like to turn off these messages, please visit your notification settings.
No	If you'd like to update your email preferences, please visit:
No	If you'd prefer to discontinue via mail request, please send to:
No	In the old days, you could only flow 7/12 of the MDQ from secondary points.
No	Is it possible to get some idea of exactly what the amount to be refunded is? Thanks so much again for your help.
No	Jus call me Nessa ♌ @finesse__ah
No	Learn how to carve a turkey, or if you’re hungry for some escapism post-feast, we can help.
No	Millions of businesses desperately need your help and the valuable services you could provide them if you want to.
No	Next week I can give you more info on that.
No	Or maybe you have personal goals you want to keep, well, personal.
No	Passwords are a fact of life and we've all had some bad ones, but if you use one of the following 25 password you might want to rethink your strategy!
No	See the email below for the ID and password.
No	Sharon Jones & The Dap-Kings - Give the People What They Want: $LINK
No	Show us that you want to win by clicking below.
No	Some content has specific hardware or software requirements; please review product information before purchasing.
No	Specifically, we buy/sell gas at the Exxon Katy Plant and were wondering the "Force Majeure" ramifications of the the Plant closing due to freeze-offs, i.e. can we claim Force Majeure in that instance and what remedies are provided for in the EOL contract language?
No	Specifically, we buy/sell gas at the Exxon Katy Plant and were wondering the Force Majeure ramifications of the the Plant closing due to freeze-offs, i.e. can we claim Force Majeure in that instance and what remedies are provided for in the EOL contract language?
No	Sticker Pop Quiz: Can you guess what's that movie or tv show in this emoji icon word game? 1.1 Device: iOS Universal Category: Games Price:...
No	Tell us what you buy Jude Spear!!!
No	Thanks Bill--see my other email.
No	The cost of materials includes the bridge, should I order redwood for the deck amd have it delivered?
No	The event will be in April; of course depending on her schedule this can change, but we have reserved the Snowmass Conference Center for the 19th.
No	The upstairs is untouched, however, so you can make yourselves at home.
No	Then, if you'd like, answer a few questions about your goals, and we'll point you toward some tools you might be interested in.
No	There is a lot of pessimism in the distributed energy community right now ?
No	This house was by far the nicest and best bang for your buck, but in a suspect neighborhood - it looks like they are building a lot of townhouses close though check it out . . .
No	Until August 31st, you will be able to download and save all your videos onto your iOS mobile device.
No	We hope you find something you like!
No	We would like to connect you with credit card companies who are offering credit cards that might be a great match for your needs!
No	Whether you want to give the gift of organization or make your own life a little simpler, it's the best time of the year to get Neat!
No	Wish I could send you with a shopping list for me!!
No	Wow, can you believe only a week?
No	You can even input a particular OfficeDrop folder where you'd like to send the file.
No	You can get good speaker packages, but many of them are not really good.
No	You need more resources immediately from inside.
No	You will be contacted as soon as possible after June 23, 2000 to notify you of those requests that have been approved.
No	Your request to track Phototranslator for iPhone was received, please follow the link below to activate your deal alert:
No	Z0 or Zl to Broad Run: I can give you $.18 ($.16 demand/$.02
No	\n\nRemember, the sale is for this weekend ONLY!\n\nEnjoy and happy collecting!\n\nEthan C. Allen\nSort It! Apps - Founder\n\nIf you don't want to hear from me anymore, just go here: $LINK
No	again and happy collecting!\n\nEthan C. Allen\nSort It Apps, LLC - Founder\n\nIf you don't want to hear from me anymore, just go here: $LINK
No	gallery are great, and I'd like to know when you post more.
No	photos have a new home, we'd like to help you get to know Revel.
No	 If you activate your account today, you can claim one of the offers below:
No	&quot;I would like to thank both agents Charles and Conroy for their help and patience.
No	&quot;The guy that assisted me with my booking was awesome.
No	* If you delete a photo by accident, you can restore it from the SnapSync website.
No	* If you edit the map, when you return to Files view you can either discard your changes, or save it as a new map
No	* If you want to check out a map manually...
No	* Press the name of the account you want to access
No	* Tap the command you want to use
No	*** BREAKING NEWS: President Obama Marks Independence Day: Thanks America's Military $LINK
No	*iOS 7 compatible!*Now able to set a personalized PIN code for your Neat account*Improved naming of documents in NeatCloud*Bug fixes and other improvements
No	- How senses help you discover the world
No	- Last week, by 3pm on Friday, most of my team members had sent me their status reports for the week.
No	- Must be able to work at least 30 minutes a day
No	- Offer valid until the 31st of March
No	- Revel is now free to use.
No	-Free Delicious Thanksgiving Recipes from Bisquick
No	-Free HUGE Box of Product Samples from 1 Year Giveaway
No	-Good Morning America
No	2 DAYS TO SAVE!
No	2) On Thanksgiving, we want to take the opportunity to say thanks to you for being a LivingOrganized customer.
No	30-45 minutes a day to set
No	5. mailto:support@mycabinet.me
No	7-Eleven: Today Only! Free Small Slurpee
No	99-Hour $99 or Less Sale! Hurry Offers End at Midnight Tomorrow!
No	@DupreeDiamond2 can't wait to hear the I couldn't use my phone AND the computer you LENT me 2 weeks ago FOR ONE NIGHT stopped with the web
No	A California native now based in San Antonio, Megan Rice Yager brings a fresh perspective to classic style.
No	A FREE lunch will be provided in the park after the game.
No	A Father's Day gift he'll open every day.
No	A W4 calculates how much federal tax to withhold from your paycheck each pay period.
No	A condition of all permitting issues is that the carbs are not supposed to be installed on the units (preconstruction) until approval has been given by the agency.
No	A construction permit application for installation of an SVE remediation system for the North Crawar C/S was mailed to the TNRCC.
No	A day trader might think you were talking about a weekly profit rather than annual.
No	A few thoughts, see you tomorrow.
No	A few weeks ago I put together a list of key individuals for you to meet when you do come to Houston.
No	A follow-up on our discussion concerning the wisdom of IMF recommendations for Russia.
No	A huge thank you to our friends at Gap and the Ellen Degeneres Show for featuring Gyft this week.
No	A lot of me into it.
No	A meeting has been scheduled on 3/16 with the California Fish and Game to discuss the following issues: 1)presentaiton of the 1999 and 2000 annual reports which are required by the facility's 2081 permit.
No	A plethora of picks sure to please your pooch.
No	A presentation was given to the Transwestern Marketing Group in Houston over the PCB issues affecting sales of natural gas into western markets.
No	A reminder: 900am Monday, my office.
No	A slew of new power control, management, transmission and storage technologies are becoming available in the power marketplace to reduce congestion, enhance performance and improve reliability.
No	A sound was played on iPod touch at 8:01 PM on March 8, 2013.
No	A spirited selection to please fledgling oenophiles and connoisseurs alike.
No	A time for the sale hasn't been specified yet, but would probably coincide with convention registration and check-in.
No	AND WE CAN REMIND YOU ABOUT THEM
No	About its botanic constitution, instead, until the late 18th century the strangest theories continued to be produced.
No	According to David Scott at New Power, they did not make any adjustments to the bill.
No	According to the TNRCC, they will allow this activity provided that the above is true and that we prove that emissions and horsepower will not increase.
No	According to the contract, when volumes are overdelivered, HPL buys the gas at GD-.10.
No	Act Now to show us you want to win!
No	Add butter, season with nutmeg and toss together.
No	After all requests are received, we will review the request and make a determination on granting compression based on capacity available and the capacity requests.
No	After graduating form high school, I took a semester off for personal reasons, and during this time I began to read again; however, I had difficulty in finding books to read, which led me to looking for the best sellers list.
No	After making a few changes, AA should be forwarding to you a copy of the draft document later this afternoon.
No	After reveiwing the documents entitled, "Baseline Environmental Investigation of Arco North Coles Levee Plant 8, Rogas Loading Facility and Associated Natural Gas Pipeline Systems Kern County, California" and "Report of Preliminary Asessment Sampling North Coles Levee Gas Plant Loading Rack Area Tupman, California", it appears that the following areas should be investigated further to detemine horizontal and vertical extent of identified contamination from the above referenced reports:
No	After reveiwing the documents entitled, Baseline Environmental Investigation of Arco North Coles Levee Plant 8, Rogas Loading Facility and Associated Natural Gas Pipeline Systems Kern County, California and Report of Preliminary Asessment Sampling North Coles Levee Gas Plant Loading Rack Area Tupman, California, it appears that the following areas should be investigated further to detemine horizontal and vertical extent of identified contamination from the above referenced reports:
No	Agree that humor is needed right now, though it's in short supply, so to speak....
No	Alan: This makes sense to me.
No	Alert - ...A RIVER FLOOD WARNING HAS BEEN ISSUED FOR...THE MANATEE RIVER AT MYAKKA HEAD...LITTLE MANATEE RIVER AT WIMAUMA AND CYPRESS CREEK AT WORTHINGTON GARDENS... .HEAVY RAINFALL OVER THE PAST SEVERAL DAYS COMBINED WITH CONTINUED STORMS TODAY AND TOMORROW WILL ALLOW FOR SOME LOCAL RIVERS TO RISE TO FLOOD STAGE OVER THE NEXT COUPLE OF DAYS.
No	Alice, for the employee we discussed last week, here is information on payee.
No	All business voice mail messages require a prompt response from our business unit.
No	All of these technologies will be added to an ever-growing traffic flow of email, messaging, searches, and business communications.
No	All this said, and budget haggling aside, I'm sure you're aware that it's my view that 1) you do fantastic work and 2) it's great to work with you.
No	Allyson says we can scratch around in the dirt a bit (I'm paraphrasing), so I'm sure some site preparation is ok.
No	Along with our launch today, we wanted to let you know we've also updated our privacy policy.
No	Already have an outstanding costume for a Halloween night?
No	Also I have some reading for you tonight - The Skiliing Story is all over the Gas Market.
No	Also discussed was NSPS fuel gas monitoring for nitrogen and sulfur and other miscellaneous air issues.
No	Also discussed was the permitting approach which will be followed for the approval to install micro pre combustion chambers on two White units which were found to be out of compliance with the air permit emissions limits when the New Mexico Air Quality Bureau conducted a surprise inspection at the facility.
No	Also for your information, we are working on 2 acquisition deals that will be coming out soon, 1 is to buy a mill and coul d be announced next week, which will also clarify and add to the story since we will have access to physical pulp and paper.
No	Also how fast does this machine get to.
No	Also, I straightened up the deal with AT&T Long distance and they are going to correct the bill to $33.23 and starting with the next bill we are supposed to get 120 minutes a month of free long distance so talk up.
No	Also, I want to manage expectations a bit about the possibility of having Enron stream the conference.
No	Also, I've assumed that we won't send Dennis any of the data from EE&CC or ENA.
No	Also, Sunday is Astroworld day for Enron employees, but you probably won't get here early enough to do that either...
No	Also, the changes in the structure of gas demand require development of different types of storage (more peaking storage).
No	Although fuel use and a natural gas analysis was not available at the facility, all units tested appeared to be in compliance with the permit limits.
No	Although she is looking to fill this position within the next two weeks, she mentioned that if this didn't work out for me that she would forward my resume to the HR Recruiter, Dianne White.
No	Am just back from Disneyworld (Tyler loved it, so you will have a great time in a few weeks) today, and I did get your message.
No	American Heart Association This e-mail is a receipt for your donation of $50.00.
No	Amsterdam 1850-1940 1.1.0
No	An exchange that Commerce One is helping build for the big automakers is about to crank up.
No	And Coming Soon to a Theater Near You: Son of GodFrom the producers of The Bible, watch for the Bible-series-turned-motion-picture event, Son of God, scheduled to hit theaters February 28, 2014!
No	And I think we've worked closely enough together over the last year for you to have a basis for reviewing me.
No	And I think you know that we are fully ready to help in any way we can in the weeks and months ahead.
No	And I want to show you it all.
No	And I would do it on a 2 day lag like this, today is the 9th, give him the balance for the 7th.
No	And change the order of some items by pressing and holding the 3 gray lines next to the item you want to move - and dragging the item up/down
No	And if those challenges become problems for the company, the company could become a problem for the entire B2B sector, as investors realize all over again how hard it will be to make B2B work.
No	And in case you want to listen to some music on your own for a while, just click on the Switch and go to My Stream to enjoy your very own Personal Radio experience.
No	And it took me a while to find the right mentor when I first started online.
No	And my apologies for not having included you on the email distribution list sooner.
No	And only you can decide when your hip pain is getting in the way of how you want to live.
No	And should I see if Scott and/or Donald want to attend?
No	And to help shake off the winter blues, we're offering a huge 20% off all photobooks until 30 June.
No	And we need some more details (in addition to what Jim did) if possible.
No	And with that, we'd like to share with you our plans for the next 75 days.
No	And yes, all by email (save for, say, the preliminary chat).
No	And your delivery of the information was very well done -- you were poised, organized, prepared and confident.
No	Another purpose for the trip is to spend some time with Fernley and his business controllers to get their ideas on specific goals that as a group we would commit to for 2000.
No	Another sytem is to deep fry the truffles in the oil, obtaining a sauce you can save in the refrigerator for about a month.
No	Any first class upgrades available?
No	Any other follow-info from last Tuesday'Wednesday's meeting that I should be aware of?
No	Any other use of the email by you is prohibited.
No	Anyway, I dont want to send up a red flag to the state of Colorado.
No	Anyway, I hope you'll still comment on the presentation, and I'm glad that you've agreed to do part of it on Thursday.
No	Apparently two are opening this year in NJ:
No	Apple celebrates App Store birthday on 11 July, 56,000+ apps in 1 year
No	Approximately 25% of your IT budget is managing boxes ( fixed assets) that has no competitive value.
No	April 2011 02: Fertile Day 1 - Est due date 12/18/11 03: Fertile Day 2 - Est due date 12/18/11 04: Fertile Day 3 - Est due date 12/18/11 05: Fertile Day 4 - most likely to ovulate 06: Fertile Day 5 - Est due date 12/18/11 18: Period Day 1 19: Period Day 2 20: Period Day 3 21: Period Day 4 22: Period Day 5 23: Period Day 6 24: Period Day 7
No	April 5-19 15,000/day delivered to Mobil Beaumont at IF HSC - .055.
No	April fools, BenWiggin!
No	Are more available?
No	Are there alternative liquid markets available that might have better pricing?
No	Are there any issues from your point of view?
No	Are we still holding Wednesday, June 27, for the ETS Associate and Analyst Mid-Year 2001 PRC?
No	Ariba has hailed the acquisition as one that gives it best-of-breed auction capability, which it would integrate into its own suite of software products.
No	As I also mentioned, the first weekend in April is when the Roundtop Antiques Festival is.
No	As Martin and I had mentioned, Matt is taking the SAT's for the first time on Sat., Jan 26th.
No	As a follow-up to our conversation in London when you said I should bring to your attention any concerns I might have with financial trading issues, the following has recently come up as an issue here in Houston (and does so from time to time).
No	As a result, most companies that file a bankruptcy petition, but which inetend to remain in business, seek the specific authority of the bankruptcy court to make payments on the priority wage claims immediately so that employees will experience little or no disruption in their wage/salary payments while they continue working.
No	As a thank you, for any pictures we use, we would like to pay for your company to have 30 minutes of live one on one training and support with one of our product experts to help you get even more from Schedule it.
No	As always, thank you for your continued support, and please don't hesitate to reach out with any comments or questions!
No	As far as the weekend, lets just play it by ear.
No	As for meeting with Herman, should J Keenan be included as well?
No	As long as the New York review isn't the week of January 15th, then I think I will still target that week for a London trip.
No	As the baby gets older, we also have an entertainer - now takes the place of what we used to call walkers.
No	As we discussed i t may be combined with a Jay and Allan announcement but never the less it wil l go out friday evening.
No	As we discussed this morning, I have reviewed the subject agreement that you faxed to me.
No	As we discussed yesterday, Laird and I spoke and we think that the presentation is good to go for Thursday.
No	As we discussed, I think it would be a good idea to offer several sessions to Enron global wholesale and ENW, to maximize efficiency.
No	As we discussed, attached is a confidential draft of the Corporate Services Agreement between Garden State Paper Company LLC and ENA.
No	As we discussed, attached is my Cheat Sheet which I use to guide me when approving non-US counterparties that come in through EnronOnline via Houston Credit.
No	As we discussed, this is the most recent version of the proposed fix to the Direct Access prohibition included in AB1X that the coalition of customer groups have been working on.
No	As we discussed, we are comfortable with EES' participation in the ISO's load curtailment RFP.
No	As we discussed...
No	As we have discussed before, the more relevant statistics are the job group numbers and not the gross statistics.
No	As we have suggested throughout the crisis, any solution to California cris is must focus on four issues: Increase supply Decrease demand Establish a truly competitive retail electricity market Return California=01,s Investor-owned utilities to solvency Increase supply--Legislative vehicle: SB28X (Sher) To site and construct a power plant in Texas takes approximately 2 years.
No	As well, from a corporate development point of view which parts of the value chain ie) IPP, E&P, utility, assets, etc are undervalued given current commodity curves and expectations.
No	As you have correctly pointed out, the model validation issues cannot be handled internally by Research.
No	As you know, we have an extensive task force report on workplace violence that would be relevant to this inquiry and could provide the basis for an analysis of this issue, although other areas would have to be explored.
No	As you might know, most of EnergyUSA was given pink slips effective over the next 3-6 months.
No	Assemblyman Joseph Simitian, D-Palo Alto, said he gave a courtesy vote to the Hertzberg-Keeley plan in the Appropriations Committee, in order to get the measure to the Assembly floor and continue debate.
No	At the meetings, I think it would be helpful to go through the following discussions/agenda: a) review the Brazilian and Argentine gas and power markets - flows, grid, participants (bids and offers), assets, pool structures, regulatory and political environment, currency and credit challenges, supply and demand & historical prices and volumes; b) review ESA's current regulated/un-regulated assets and generation strategy; c) review ESA current book positions, market views, products and product development; and d) brief review of other S. American markets.
No	At this point have have emailed Mr. Heffner a few times.
No	At this point, we are working on a best, worst and most likely case for a revenue model, plus getting some teeth behind our up front costs.
No	Atos Origin would be able to set up a custom-built service delivery mechanism to extend your own software capabilities: right from maintenance and support of legacy applications to development of new web applications.
No	Atos Origin, a leading global information technology services provider, helps clients turn their vision into results through the effective use of E-business solutions and IT.
No	Attached is a clean version and a redlined version of the above-referenced document which incorporates the changes that we discussed with the exception of the end of Section 4.2, Section 4.5 and Section 4.6.
No	Attached is a forwards detail by risk of the deals in question.
No	Attached is a memo that Rick plans to send out - I hope that attaching this makes it easy for you to take care of this.
No	Attached is the latest version of the Transaction Agreement which incorporates the changes that were discussed yesterday.
No	AudioBox lets you mix media files, create playlists and stream through your single virtual cloud, seamlessly.
No	August 2013 How to Add a New Version to Your Post
No	August 22, 2012, Night: $LINK
No	August 23, 2012, Late Night: $LINK
No	August 8, 2012, Night: $LINK
No	Automatically receive an extra 40% off* all red tag clearance items in-store or online through this Monday, September 2nd, 2013!
No	Autumn - White Mountains, New Hampshire $LINK
No	Autumn Nights
No	Avicii - Wake Me Up: $LINK
No	Backs doing ok right now.
No	Based on our discussions this morning:
No	Based on your note, I faxed my Direct Deposit change to Renee Kelso a week or so ago and wanted to check with her to see that she'd received it and that it was in process, but I can't find her name in email.
No	Because the utility has been forced to buy from the PX, and because the market structure in California gives customers no incentive to switch, the utility continues to control the overwhelming majority of the load in California.
No	Before I go into the depths of my answer, i would like to clarify few points about my answer.
No	Before I launch on the effort, just wanted to check in and see if this rings a bell with you.
No	Before we can activate your subscription and send you anything, inlcuding a password to our downloads, you have to confirm your subscription using the link below.
No	Before we go forward and do this type of testing, it is useful to ascertain the purpose/goal of the tests.
No	Ben Jacoby is having an offsite Friday at the Hyatt for the East Development group to discuss 2001.
No	Ben, there should be a standard form for this -- check with Candace.
No	Besides Grants, there are other financial aid options that can help you get back in school: loans, scholarships, work study programs, etc.
No	Beth is in fact in Monterrey, Mexico today and tomorrow, completing a review of that office.
No	Bill Kettlewell Client Service Representative Electric Reliability Council of Texas E-mail: BKettlewell@ercot.com
No	Bio: I'm kinky as hell and want to fuck you harder than you've ever been fucked before.
No	Blake Jamieson, our Director of Social Media, is an award-winning social media expert and would like to help you get started with Glyder.
No	Blanca can help make the arrangements.
No	Bob did tell me to email stuff about school to you.
No	Bob, there also are legal issues to address, so I appreciate your keeping me in the loop as this evolves.
No	Bob: as of right now, the following are leaving
No	Brett wiggs tells me that he faxed me signature pages last week.
No	Bridgeline -- prepared assignment letter agreements to assign Enron personnel to Bridgeline.
No	Bruce: I think your suggestion makes sense.
No	Bryan, it doesn't line up very well but this shows that we received 150 dth at St 85 and delivered 145 to PSNC.
No	Burton wants the state to buy and operate PG&E's and Edison's transmission system and create a state power authority that would get in the business of (among other things) developing, financing, constructing and operating power plants and natural gas pipelines.
No	Business as usual here forward.
No	But I think there's enough of a structure so that we can easily finalize by tomorrow.
No	But Turner, who sources said was reluctant to make a quarterback change at this point and retains confidence in Johnson, acknowledged the team needs new focus more than a new starter.
No	But as the survey makes clear, for something so dead, these sectors are showing all kinds of life.
No	But competitors, most notably Oracle (ORCL:Nasdaq), pooh-poohed the deal, saying that stringing together complex technologies through acquisitions is easier said than done.
No	But eventually we have to address issues beyond grieving, helping, and bringing the lunatics to justice.
No	But in a possible indication that investors may have just been reaching for any B2B stock, Ventro finished up $2.69, or 21%, at $15.50 on no news.
No	But it was nice to get back to Houston yesterday.
No	But she did make the dances for the next two try-outs: a kick rountine and a pom routine.
No	But while the (otherwise perishable) thoughts are still fresh in my mind from the hearings on Monday and Tuesday, I wanted to throw out some observations for discussion in the days/weeks ahead.
No	But, the list of things to fix and do keeps getting longer and longer.
No	By now, you've probably signed up on all of them and you're ready to signup for some more...
No	By the way, I was talking to my friend and colleague Rose, and she tells me that the company has hired a car to take Rose, another person and me home on Thursday after the big party.
No	By the way, Redmond will take responsibility for the Pan Nat arbitration as per our discussion.
No	By voice mail, I suggested Ted Murphy as a substitute for Rick Buy for the meeting.
No	CNG also reserves the right to reject contingent bids and bids from any party that does not qualify for service in accordance with all applicable provisions of CNG's FERC Gas Tariff.
No	CR [aka conference room] 5C1.
No	California should therefore begin now to gradually phase the utility out of the procurement 20 function entirely, with the goal having all customers served by a non-utili ty provider within 36 months.
No	Call being scheduled for Wednesday it appears.
No	Can I catch a cab and get to the Woodlands by 1? Otherwise, I'll come out the night before.
No	Can get that number.
No	Carlos joined us, too.
No	Celebrate Independence Day with us and Save up to 50%!
No	Cesar is at Tractebel ........ Him and Jason Armenta together ,,,,,,, what a combo!
No	Check out my videos on youtube if you want to know what's going on - with a beat
No	Chris, did we get the DASH completed and approved on Pasotria and LV Cogen?
No	Chris, the numbers are getting pretty large - we are trying to find a reasonable cut-off before this turns into an All-Employee meeting at the Hyatt.
No	Christmas is the time of sharing and we would like to take our part in that.
No	Cindy Olson called to thank me and Sarah Davis did meet with me to discuss the memo.
No	Class on Thursday.
No	Clearly, the biggest mistake California made was The press and decision makers should spend more time talking to folks who signed fixed price deals with companies like Enron.
No	Click here if you want to stop future ads from this sponsor.
No	Coding NOW is the perfect time to start.
No	Cole is doing his best to either run Jake off or make him tough.
No	Confirmation Number: 9136-0D887D6436 Email Address: mark.e.haedicke@enron.com
No	Confirmed speakers to date: Jeff Skilling (Tuesday, October 24 - available 9:30 am to 1:00 pm)
No	Consequently, the quotes that we provide customers change daily to reflect changing market prices.
No	Consistent with my discussions with Reagan, I have revised the body of the interim agreement.
No	Copyright and any other intellectual property rights in its contents are the sole property of Tradespark, Inc. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free.
No	Couldn't locate the files you sent in August (uemail now deletes automatically, which may be the problem).
No	Credit will put them on tonight's list, meanwhile, we need to open them up to trade all financial immediately.
No	Currently there are no bids ( Scott and I will get with Dick this afternoon).
No	Currently, HPL has advised Calpine of an upcoming event of force majeure which will require a cessation of deliveries of gas to the facility which certain regulatory mandated tests are being performed on the A-S pipeline.
No	Currently, I'm preparing a letter of intent for Enron/CRRA for the purchase/sale of the cells, have a development agreement prepared by outside counsel to review, and need to come up with a draft purchase agreement for FCE to review.
No	Customers could try to "bypass" the utility, but until Dec. '95 (PUC final policy decision) and AB 1890, it was against the law to have direct access, so you may be misinterpreting the yellow book just a bit.
No	Customers could try to bypass the utility, but until Dec. '95 (PUC final policy decision) and AB 1890, it was against the law to have direct access, so you may be misinterpreting the yellow book just a bit.
No	DOE is interested, says Tino, because of the redundant, dedicated facilities and enhanced reliability, and because Dennis and Tino pitched DOE on all the $$$$ DOE will make from the surplus power sales.
No	Dad doesn't know I called today, so I can call him tomorrow when we are on the way, talk to Mom and let her know when we will be there.
No	Dal Coger Tsunami Partners Executive Search & Selection Ph # 781-395-2981 Ph # 781-874-0527 Cell 781-718-8397 Fax 781-395-2719 wireless email 7817188397@msg.myvzw.com
No	Daniel, Laura Luce would like to send the latest Enovate DPR to the chairman of People's Corp.
No	Date: Wednesday, July 31, 2013
No	Dave was going to inform the OCD that their office has given approval of the plan and that this might expidite Bill's review process.
No	Dave, I am going to send Shawn your way - he has extensive development, asset and project finance experience.
No	David Allen and his team created audio programs to help you excel in these two areas, and they are the most popular audio CDs in our on line store.
No	Dawn, right now I am scheduled to be up in Calgary on the 16th of August - lets shoot for that date.
No	Day Tables As Of Monday, January 14, 2013
No	Day or night sails on Matagorda Bay 20 or the Gulf of Mexico are also available, with Captain Nick at the helm.
No	Dear John: You're opening my flood gates, and I'm going to refrain from getting entirely upset.
No	Dear Kenneth, I have sent this morning a Fed Ex package to your office to arrive tomarrow Friday morning containing our school video.
No	Delainey: have him spend his time meeting, calling, talking with wholesale and retail customers.
No	Do you want to go?
No	Does she have any interest in meeting one-on-one or is she just looking for a public hanging?
No	Doesn't look too good right now.
No	Don't feel like you have to get the thing all fixed up by Friday if it not's a cake walk.
No	Don't know what more I could possibly do to make Kris feel better; guess we will leave it at that.
No	Don't let their name fool you -- sure, they may know a thing or two about tractors -- but a Tractor Supply Company is far from their only specialty.
No	Don't worry, we can help.
No	Don’t blame us if this collection of top-trending videos makes you wanna twerk or crush candy.
No	Dress for the forum is casual, so feel free to do the same.
No	Drinking and guns go together like ham and eggs.
No	Dropbox lets you bring all your photos, docs and videos with you anywhere and share them easily.
No	Due to a severe storm which hit central Texas last evening CYNET is experiencing a temporary service interruption of the assigned telephone numbers of it's Inbound Fax-2-Email Service.
No	Due to the rough terrain and topography of the land south of Station 2 into Phoenix makes this project extremely hard to give an approximate dollar amount for the environmental baseline surveys and permits to be completed as the entire proposed right of way (140 miles) from station 2 into Phoenix will need to be walked and surveyed by several people.
No	Duke Energy acquired Market Hub Partners Storage (MHP) from subsidiaries of NiSource, INC.
No	Dupree Diamond @DupreeDiamond2 @ben_wiggin went down there everyone told me u took off 01:38 AM - 27 Jun 14
No	During the first two days, there was a large influx of traffic to Todo Pro, and unfortunately, the service wasn't able to handle everything all at once.
No	Dying to hear about Montana and your possible new life as a day student.
No	Dynamics Jobs - United States - 17 days ago
No	E-mail from Nov. 8, 2000 I was thinking of you today and I remembered a long conversation we had at the office one morning when we both arrived before everyone else.
No	E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses.
No	E:mail messages says to check website to determine whether or not DSL is available at my home.
No	EFS Energy or write: storage@enerfax.com
No	ENA signed a short-term deal (5 -week term, I believe) with DWR that goes through the end of the month, at which time we have the option to extend the deal to a five-year term.
No	EOL. Keith has a great idea of opening up all products to the desk so that you may insert a bid or an offer inside of the manager's markets.
No	ETI Update National PR campaign to push Enron policy agenda/commercial opportunties California Strategy Trip to Portland Analyst/Associate for SF GA? Gas Update Sempra Commercial update (Calger)
No	Ed, We have removed the specific examples of Force Majeure as not being needed because the revised 11.2 defines force majeure as an event not anticipated as of the date hereof, which is not within the reasonable control of the party and which by the exercise of due diligence such party is unable to overcome or obtain a commercially reasonable substitute performance thereof, all without listing specific types of events which might be considered.
No	Ehrenberg simply gets placed at "market prices" because of varying objectives.
No	Ehrenberg simply gets placed at market prices because of varying objectives.
No	Electricity is the first big U.S. industry formerly under the tight control of states to be opened up to international operators and their free market rules.
No	Energy drinks mixed with alcohol make you want to drink more, a new study says.
No	Enjoy drinking your wine (had the syrah recently) and very much look forward to meeting you.
No	Enron has proposed several options for resolving the credit risk issues and 20 is working with DWR to arrive at a solution that is mutually agreeable to 20 both sides and that might serve as a template for power purchase agreements 20 going forward.
No	Enron is free.
No	Enron is in active discussions with DWR to establish contract terms with th e goal of entering into a power purchase agreement as soon as possible.
No	Enron was the 600 pound gorilla that angered friends of competition almost as much as foes, thus making them less willing to step forward.
No	Enron will have a table of 10 at the Trustee Opening Gala Dinner on May 16th, with cocktails at 7pm and a seated dinner at 8:30pm.
No	Episode #2 with Robert Levine and episode #3 with Sean Platt and David Wright are now live!
No	Episode #7 with Jacqueline Garlick and episode #8 with Johnny B. Truant are now live!
No	Establish a truly competitive retail electricity market=01*Legislative vehi cle: SB27X The only customers who were protected from price volatility in San Diego we re customers who chose Direct Access and signed fixed price deals with energy 20 service providers.
No	Estimated tax deadline: For self-employed workers and other individuals who need to make quarterly estimated tax payments to the IRS, April 16 also is the deadline for making the first installment for 2001.
No	Even though you are not living here you and your family are loved and cared for and thought about by me often!I didn't mean to get mushy but was just thinking of you and wanted you to know.
No	Even though you may not believe it.
No	Every 3rd Night FREE Travel Aug 24 - Dec 22!
No	Everyone is getting ready for the school year.
No	Everyone seems to need people right now.
No	Executive Committee Weekly Meeting Date: Monday, April 23rd Time: 11:00 a.m.
No	Executive Committee Weekly Meeting Date: Monday, January 29 Time: 11:00 a.m.
No	FINAL DAY TO SAVE!
No	FINAL DAY TO TAKE 20% OFF + FREE SHIPPING!
No	FINAL WEEKEND TO BOGO + 15% OFF + FREE SHIPPING!
No	FRANCISCO GROS President of the National Bank for Economic and Social Development (BNDES), Brazil BRAZIL'S PRIVATIZATION AGENDA Thursday, June 14, 2001 Registration and continental breakfast: 8:00 - 8:15 a.m.
No	FTR contract; used to receive and deliver gas at LRC and St 65. .2999
No	FYI before I delete this email.
No	FYI, I meant to send you a "thank you" note in response to the note with Friday call-in info, but it went to Steve instead.
No	FYI, I meant to send you a thank you note in response to the note with Friday call-in info, but it went to Steve instead.
No	FYI, When I last discussed the other company with Ozzie and Heather on Friday, they were planning on calling the other company to tell them the general status without violating confidentiality obligations to FCE or CRRA.
No	FYI. She's forwarding around the Valley, and I'll follow up to make sure that she's having Chambers sign and send.
No	Facebook helps you communicate and stay in touch with all of your friends.
No	Failure to meet the Heat Rate Guarantee shall prevent Acceptance, unless Purchaser explicitly waives this guarantee in writing.
No	Fawcett and Harris ought to make that call.
No	Fed ref now available.
No	Feel free to reply to this email if you have any questions.
No	Final Days to Buy Early, Save Big with the Christmas in July Sale
No	Finally, I should have a draft of my "Tech Section" ready by tomorrow sometime.
No	Finally, I should have a draft of my Tech Section ready by tomorrow sometime.
No	Finally, I'm trying to get a transcript of the FERC hearing.
No	Finally, if you have any questions, have any difficulties or feature requests, please email us at help@addappt.com
No	Finally, there have been general comments from Treasury and Fed Bank officials to guarantee stock exchange payments, and the assumption is that the same guarantees would apply to the NY commodity exchanges (but this asumption has not been validated or addressed directly in public comments).
No	Fine, but that makes the existing rate the recourse rate for all purposes.
No	Follow this link, $LINK if you do not want to receive more e-mails from your friends.
No	For August forward, I believe we should just bill you for the actual metered production volumes since the imbalance will be in Clinton's pool.
No	For example, all "XYZ Company" purchases will be displayed together (see sample below).
No	For example, all XYZ Company purchases will be displayed together (see sample below).
No	For the luncheon during the week of April 16, I am available on April 16, 17, 18 or 19th.
No	For the resource management and coaching part of the program, lets wait until we see where we end up on any possible changes to the program first.
No	For what it's worth, I've read this, and if Laura Tyson or Larry Summers sign it, I have serious concerns about the effect it would have on their ability to play the role that we envision in moving our proposal forward (understanding that our odds of success are somewhat meager).
No	Forgive me, but what time did we pick to talk today?
No	Forgive the tardiness.
No	GISB is a freestanding entitity and his representation does not equate to representation of Enron so he could claim that his only client interest to worry about is GISB itself.
No	Gaming Thursday Highlights with Dodger and Adam $LINK
No	Garden State Paper -- provided employment law advice on closing and transition issues.
No	Garth D.. Camp garthcamp@hotmail.com
No	Geek Week Coming August 4-10
No	Generally, most employees are part of ENA and provide services to all the wholesale businesses.
No	Glad they are here; believe that as they learn the organization and their job that they will be able to make significant contributions; doing the right thing to learn the business, but that contributions to date are not significant enough to warrant payment of a bonus...
No	Glad to hear that we are getting there.
No	Glad you did get a dog; the Houston Girons just didn't seem right without one.
No	Goals help you keep on track and are important for life.
No	Good Morning America
No	Good afternoon, I'm really hoping this ad has not found anyone for this job because I'd love to be an intern for this company.
No	Good idea on Kim and Martha--pls line them up for the next meeting after tomorrow (call Martha Benner to schedule) DF
No	Goodbye from our Newsletter, sorry to see you go.
No	Got messages in to Schroeder re: Nordpool--expect to hear back from him today at some point and I can drop that info into the document soon as I get it.
No	Got your voicemail.
No	Gotta get my suit out!
No	Great - we will look forward to seeing you on the 13th and 14th.
No	Great--am forwarding to Dave for his thoughts.
No	Greetings Justin and Laura: As we discussed there is a significant coalition of folks working at the Legislature to try to remove the prohibition on Direct Access included in Hertzberg's AB1X and recently signed by the Governor.
No	Greetings: Left you a voicemail.
No	Guys, Swank has confirmed with me that he is committed to join the mid-market group in east power and make a difference.
No	Guys, it will be very difficult to get money out of the power group - is the expectation that I come up with the dollars - just curious.
No	Gwyn is coming over to join us for dinner tonight, and Kay is dropping by tomorrow -- she offered to watch Cameron if I needed to do stuff.
No	Hadn't talked with you in a while and thought that I would send a quick note to say hello.
No	Happy Monday
No	Harry: Per my voicemail.
No	Haven't been able to get in, though.
No	He agrees to be available and cooperative with Enron and its counsel regarding litigation matters.
No	He also let me know that they are looking at another power plant project in the SW Power Pool and want to discuss with us.
No	He brought it to Calpine's attention immediately upon being contacted by ENA. 3. Christina argued, as she did in the answer and counterclaim, that the non-compete agreement was fatally overbroad, as Miller never had any duties involving the majority of the activities from which the non-compete purports to bar him.
No	He can score from the wing, but he'll end up playing more inside because of his defensive limitations as a small forward.
No	He gives them another rebounding wing and a scorer to complement Rashard Lewis, if he re-signs.
No	He got to climb all over the fire engines and even get into the driver's seat and "drive."
No	He has a question that I am forwarding to you, since I don't know the answer.
No	He is going to wait it out another month to see if a new position comes available.
No	He needs to be able to leave work at a very reasonable hour each day in order to relieve a caregiver who is with his wife while he works.
No	He said every department at the utility had spent weeks pulling together information for the creditor list, to be submitted to Bankruptcy Judge Dennis Montali by mid-May.
No	He will send you the data.
No	He works with John Thompson and Scott Josey in the upstream capital markets group (producer finance).
No	He's in DC today at the RTO workshops, but I believe he'll be here tomorrow.
No	Here are several other great plans you might also want to try this week:
No	Here are the two addresses to add to the bid week spreadsheet distribution.
No	Here is how to get a hold of me next week.
No	Here is the report I prepared on the methods and types of grpahs for this work request.
No	Here is what we have concluded based on discussions this morning:
No	Here's a note I'd like to share with you:
No	Here's what's trending on Twitter this week.
No	Here, at last, is the email response to the OT questions.
No	Hertzberg acknowledged that some Assembly members were afraid the bill was getting rushed, but he said lawmakers are well-informed about the energy crisis and its details.
No	Hey - I just checked my E MAils for the day.
No	Hey Jeff, we are meeting tomorrow because Molly is out today.
No	Hi Cam, If you’re not ready to share everything you’re doing on Pinterest with the rest of the world, you might want to check out secret boards.
No	Hi Margaret: I'll get you my comments first thing Monday morning.
No	Hi here's this weeks Top 5 Tips...
No	Hmmm, sounds like the pressure's getting to Mike a bit.
No	Holiday Monday money 01:22 PM - 02 Sep 13
No	Holla at me wen u ready
No	Hopefully she will make both.
No	Hot Right Now: Save up to 40% Off!
No	Hotel Stays of 3+ Nights
No	Houston, Texas 77079 Phone +1-281-366-4507 Fax +1-281-366-5090 Email zaiontj@bp.com
No	How Many Hours Do You Spend on the Internet?
No	How the things going for you, I am sure right now it must be a bit tense In lieu of everything that is taking place with Enron.
No	How would YOU splurge with a
No	However, I also told him about my two dark-side fears: (1) that IT resources reporting to Networks would make it even more difficult to get the attention on projects that we need, and (2) taken to the extreme, that this concept would disinsent operations personnel from coming up with creative solutions to managing the growth of the business if all good ideas are swept away to this special team for them to handle.
No	However, I have forwarded her resume to Settlements and Volume Management.
No	However, checking the attachment on your second e:mail message, I can not bring up the attachment.
No	However, given my immediate project, I don't think that I could have called until now.
No	However, given the recent warmth of the past few winters and the forecsts, this is probably an unrealistic goal.
No	However, they did deliver gas to us at Cotton Valley.
No	However, until the site visits are completed, this should give you a good idea of the status of the EOTT pipeline tanks stand with respect to ai r compliance. 1. Tank compliance database, general.
No	However, we continue to encourage qualified candidates to view the listing of professional posts available at www.un.org/Depts/OHRM and apply for the positions they feel are best suited to their experience and qualifications.
No	I also don't receive statements in the mail for the account.
No	I also learned that he meetings with ONS and ANEEL are scheduled for tomorrow.
No	I also received one voice mail from the Can Fibre guy and I have not heard from him either.
No	I am available for questions at xt. 37560.
No	I am glad that you and Kristin are getting together.
No	I am going to Chicago tomorrow on business.
No	I am going to try to make it up for pig, or I should say the drinking done during PIG,,,,, I know Vogel and Besch are going too!
No	I am happy to ride together.
No	I am hearing that it may be premature to do an ISDA energy conference in Tokyo because almost all the products being discussed so far are physical.
No	I am in Chicago today and tomorrow.
No	I am in the London office this week, so e:mail is probably the best way to get in touch with me.
No	I am looking forward to it.
No	I am not a market maker in SWA vouchers, so you have my word that I will not sell them back.
No	I am not especially surprised that you and Kristin did not get a copy of this report.
No	I am not sure it makes sense to follow this procedure for every deal that is dashed.
No	I am not worried about the timing on that, so don't start this until you feel that it makes sense for you and your family.
No	I am offering property in the Emerald Triangle
No	I am ok with V&E representing the underwriter with the usual carve-outs..
No	I am really not looking forward to my vacation.
No	I am scheduled to be out on vacation next week, but I will check e:mail messages from home and will get back with you via e:mail next week to let you know final results.
No	I am sending a second e-mail that goes with this one.
No	I am still at the office hoping to get away before dinner so that I can head home and pack.
No	I am still really crunched tomorrow morning.
No	I am still trying to eliminate some pages to make it more a more manageable size.
No	I am trying to activate this HSC-Hehub product but keep getting an error that says "product is not tradeable".
No	I am very thrilled about this opportunity because not only do I want to gain professional experience in the field of marketing but I would also like to do work that is centered around what I love and that's books.
No	I an never quite sure that I get messages that anyone calls!
No	I and the team reviewed the results with Sally Beck in early November and proposed methods to address the results of the consultants' surveys.
No	I assume he'll be sending it out tomorrow.
No	I assume this will be covered in Canada's budget.
No	I assumed that Marty or Dan had spoken to you as we discussed this initial change; however, I take full responsibility.
No	I believe God gave me this POWERFUL 2014 PROPHETIC PROMISE especially for you – for this season in your life!
No	I believe that Cline has different counsel now, and I will find out about this asap.
No	I believe that these are the remaining SDG&E exhibits you were looking for (in addition to what I e-mailed you yesterday).
No	I called home last night and told Amanda about our discussion on a day in Paris.
No	I can have it sent via intercompany mail.
No	I can make other days work as well.
No	I can provide you concrete data regarding the benefits that our customers have got by working with our Software Factory.
No	I can send you a note then if there are any other comments that I have.
No	I can't get over how much he has grown since I saw him.
No	I can't make it during lunch.
No	I can't make it for dinner - but we might be able to come for drinks afterwards.
No	I checked the CGLF and CGAS capacity against Navigator.
No	I definately would not discuss this with Petrobras.
No	I did get your message and resume.
No	I did not discuss the Equitrans gas with CES.
No	I did not get his e-mail.
No	I didn't get back from the meeting with Causey and Buy until just before 6:00 today - not that the meeting was long - Rick Causey was just running late so we cooled our heels outside his office for quite a while before getting started.
No	I didn't get home until 10 and brian was on the phone untill 11, so I figured you were asleep by then.
No	I didn't get to sleep until 3am.
No	I didn't have a check off list of the ones that I made copies of and submitted but I do know for sure that I turned in Co.272.
No	I do love coming here - hope to make the trip once a quarter this year.
No	I do not suck at writing e-mails.
No	I don't feel so good when I'm writing all those checks.
No	I don't get it.
No	I don't get to enjoy life's pleasures.
No	I don't have Chris' email address (I've left him a message).
No	I don't have all the details to fill in, though some of the details might be available from the PG&E/Edison websites, and Sue and Mona might have additional info.
No	I don't have any broken bones and it doesn't appear that I have a herniated disk--at this point just a lumbar strain but he is afraid it will get worse if I ride.
No	I don't have the address.
No	I don't know if this project is going to come through or not, but I'm not sure my possible client is any better versed on CPUC procedures than I am.
No	I don't know that the VP portion of the PRC will be completed on Monday, or that the results would be available to me on Tuesday even if the process is completed on Monday.
No	I don't quite get all of this either.
No	I don't think I ever saw the breakout on the access area since we didn't get this via capacity release.
No	I don't think that HR gets involved in this process.
No	I don't think they carry Polk, but ask them who you should call for Polk speakers.
No	I entered ($4.9951) x 12dt which should give them a credit on the invoice.
No	I feel so fortunate to have this opportunity to work with you, and I send you my warmest wishes for a wonderful birthday.
No	I feel that this would be a great opportunity to contribute to the growth of the startup and a way for me to explore new aspects of the marketing industry.
No	I filled him in on the Energy Management degree and told him that I thought that his group should talk with you about a possible rotation.
No	I for the boxplots one has had records removed when the ambient and gearbox temp is less than 0 (I can provide turbines and times if needed).
No	I go to an orthopedic surgeon tomorrow.
No	I got you address from an e-mail from Meg and thought I would say hi.
No	I got your voice mail message and I understand your concerns around Todd's time.
No	I greatly admire Rich Gilbert, but his comments (re: regulatory intervention is a good thing, and now this one) will surely create considerably controversy and could greatly upset the apple cart altogether.
No	I guess that the one caveat that I would put out, is to wait and see if there are other names brought forth from other parts of the organization that would make it seem that Kristin should be in that pack.
No	I had a really big lunch, even cake, so now eating out of the fridge (if at all) sounds ok.
No	I had a thought that maybe EBS could stream the conference as an in-kind contribution---the PR that EBS gets out of streaming might outweigh the cost of providing gratis.
No	I had problems in getting the newest version of Access.
No	I had the sense that she was feeling that she'd done a bunch of work that was ending up on the cutting room floor and that she wasn't getting a real opportunity to participate in the shaping of the analysis, the presentation, or responsibility for taking a piece of the presentation for Thursday.
No	I had to chat with 1 KO person and 3 CGAS people to get all that information.
No	I hate getting old.
No	I have Steve and Lisa on the internet at this web address
No	I have a meeting on the analyst and associates program from 9:00 to 10:00 tomorrow.
No	I have a vague recollection about a group of employees going to Dynegy, and we had to send a demand letter to prohibit the improper use of Enron information.
No	I have a very special gift for you today.
No	I have already left him a voice mail.
No	I have an extra ticket to the game tomorrow.
No	I have an idea, like everyone else in the world, for an internet start up and want to pick your brain about the process of doing a business plan, getting VC $'s and such.
No	I have attached a revised resume for you to send to the managers and recruiters if you have not already.
No	I have attached my resume below and look forward an opportunity to hear more the about internships at Parakweet.
No	I have been on jury duty since Tuesday this week - I had Patti call Chris today and let him know that I would get back with him next week.
No	I have been out of town the last several business days, so I am just now catching up on e:mails.
No	I have but one life to give for my industry....
No	I have conversed by e:mail since I did not have home numbers.
No	I have encouraged the Enron folks to pursue this opportunity with TVA given the larger dialogue.
No	I have gas on National Fuel that I could deliver into CGAS at Ellwood City on a secondary basis.
No	I have not prepared one and am not aware of one in place -- that is why I prefaced my comments with that.
No	I have phone numbers, addresses and e:mail addresses for all three, and I will provide you with those as soon as the official notification from the University takes place.
No	I have proposed we change our procedure here and we are discussing the proposed changes.
No	I have put the executed doc in the mail.
No	I have received your e-mail.
No	I have some exciting news for you this morning.
No	I have something absolutely amazing for you today.
No	I have tried getting to you a couple times with no success...
No	I haven't checked affair yet.
No	I haven't had a chance to send it yet.
No	I haven't received Jeff's powerpoint e-mail...
No	I hope I can get to this today.
No	I immediately resolved that my path and that of "Susman, my man, Steve Susman" would never again cross.
No	I just composed a somewhat lengthy e:mail about the anniversary trip, and then closed out Lotus Notes and checked discard changes.
No	I just sent you and email.
No	I just want to double check that it is being represented properly in our currency positions.
No	I just want to remind you of how much I value our relationship and tell you that I believe by working together, using all the tools at our disposal we can improve, enrich and enhance every aspect of your life.
No	I kept getting a message like "We're sorry, this number does not accept calls from unidentified numbers" or something like that.
No	I know I have asked you before, but I seem to have accidentally deleted your dad and sister's email addresses.
No	I know I wouldn't be getting OU tix at all if it wasn't for my contribution to the Foundation.
No	I know that you guys have been quite busy with your planning process but it has been very difficult to get the required information or time from the resources that are committed to the project.
No	I learned about your need for a marketing intern on Craigslist and I believe that my education and professional experience make me an attractive candidate for this position.
No	I leave it to Bruce to see if it makes sense to shorten the list further.
No	I left you a return voice mail regarding Scott.
No	I look forward to being with you all again very soon!
No	I look forward to continuing to work with you and the staff in London on risk management operations initiatives.
No	I look forward to finding a solution to this current impasse.
No	I look forward to having you back on 36; I'm moving there as soon as they get my phone/computer set up -- I'll spend half days there.
No	I look forward to hearing from you in the near future.
No	I look forward to meeting you!
No	I look forward to meeting you.
No	I look forward to seeing you in Dallas next week.
No	I look forward to seeing you in Dallas.
No	I look forward to talking further about the possibilities.
No	I look forward to welcoming you as a new member!
No	I look forward to working with you in the near future and answering any questions you might have.
No	I might be able to get to it tomorrow if its a slow bid week, if not, then by Wed of next week.
No	I never did make it to Toronto this summer.
No	I noticed that a meeting is scheduled for Nov. 29, but an agenda was not available on the Web site.
No	I only have 3 - Am still trying to get a 4th.
No	I plan to write her in a couple of weeks to follow up with any additional leads I've found.
No	I read John's message to you and agree with him that we should develop a formal plan to address how we will generate public support and address any future environmental concerns before they jump up and bite us.
No	I really think you should think about getting in on this 360 networks deal.
No	I received some info today in the mail regarding a new master of science program in quantitative financial economics.
No	I selected the late time on the email, but wanted to respond to make sure you received it.
No	I sent Mo an e:mail message about your stay in Houston in hopes that she may need to be in Houston at that time.
No	I sent an e:mail message yesterday saying that I could make dinner in Austin on Wednesday, October 25.
No	I shall send you more information regarding the dinner later this week.
No	I should be able to get back with you next week, hopefully with a change in our strategy!
No	I should be available most of the day, so let's see how things go.
No	I should probably send that to them.
No	I sold 7000 to CES at the Allied meter for tomorrow - deal 169576.
No	I start my 1st therapy session tomorrow.
No	I studied and lived in Paris , France last year at a Business school, so not only did it allow me to travel throughout Europe, but I gained valuable knowledge about how companies on the other side of the world conduct business and market certain products in their industry.
No	I talked to Brian Frihart on Friday and purchased 3 fixed forward contracts (1000 per day for May, 1000 per day for June and 1000 per day for July) at $2.895.
No	I talked to grandma and she said Julie wouldn't be able to make it so I already knew about that.
No	I think I left my email open at home which means I can't download it on Omnisky or Yahoo.
No	I think it makes more sense there.
No	I think it makes sense to take out the reference to 15%.
No	I think it will be helpful to channel the discussion.
No	I think it's fuzzy enough that two good lawyers could give two different views--wanted to ensure that all analytic bases are covered.
No	I think that I received an email from someone with the report attached.
No	I think the legal team you have made available to us is very impressive.
No	I think this internship would be a great opportunity for me to explore the publishing world as a real-world extension of my academic study of literature.
No	I think this is actually a good thing--makes our proposal look like a much more preferable alternative by comparison, makes our support in the process more important, and sets Harvey up as the Ralph Nader equivalent in the election to fix California's broken system---a potential spoiler.
No	I think this is an area that ISDA could provide leadership and possibly make money through a protocol.
No	I think you have to feel pretty good about the LM position first.
No	I think you need to add another 10,000 to your buy/sale activity.
No	I think you saw my thoughts about this conference in a previous email exchange with Schroeder re: Littlechild.
No	I think your collective e-mails constitute the legal risk memo.
No	I thought that I would give ENA a first look at this candidate.
No	I thought you would enjoy listening to the song Give Me One Reason by Tracy Chapman on Raditaz:
No	I told Dawn already, but my brother is getting married on the 16th.
No	I understand that there may be a need to give no quarter on this, but given the circumstances--i.e., we talk every day and time and resources are extremely tight--is it reasonable to temporarily suspend filling this thing out for the next 60-90 days?
No	I understand you will be forwarding to Jim Staffus (sp?), your VP of gov't affairs.
No	I want to book them as soon as possible.
No	I want to make certain that they did not penalize one month deals.
No	I want to share a file with you.
No	I want to share this great coupon with you:
No	I wanted to make sure that I had the right email address.
No	I was hoping to get this done today.
No	I was just checking in to see if you still wanted me to help you with your online stuff.
No	I was out of town last week doing some recruiting, so I am just reading your e:mail today.
No	I was particularly pleased with how you vectored off from what started out as a computer system enhancement project and instead you brought home a solution that allows us to improve things immediately with manual processes and then upgrade to a system if we choose.
No	I was really wanting to go, but can't make it.
No	I will also look into other possible dates and get availability and prices on tickets just in case.
No	I will be checking to make sure you pass the "goodies" on.
No	I will be getting with Brian Bloom this week with our comments to the plan document.
No	I will be here all day tomorrow.
No	I will be in London all of next week, and I would like to send invitations to the students about the tour and dinner.
No	I will be out of the office the rest of the week, so check with Twanda Sweet, my assistant, for rescheduling options.
No	I will be out this afternnon and tomorrow.
No	I will check with Mark and Trisha.
No	I will check with my assistant to make sure I can do it.
No	I will check.
No	I will deliver the card in person in about 10 days.
No	I will forward to you in a separate email letters that we sent to Burton expressing our opposition to his bills and the reasons for our opposition.
No	I will get Gary to look into the Williams deal.
No	I will get a conference room and lunch set up.
No	I will get an update from Shona.
No	I will get back with you after I have talked with Scott, or I may have him leave you a message.
No	I will get the dues to you sometime this week.
No	I will make sure that you are included in any subsequent meetings.
No	I will make these phone calls myself, and will naturally treat all phone numbers that I have been given as confidential.
No	I will need their e:mail addresses to do so.
No	I will send it to NUI when I hear from you.
No	I will try to get it notorized and mailed back to the lawyer today.
No	I wish I could write such sweet words.
No	I work with Phillip Allen in West Gas Trading and he talked to Greg Piper about the letter attached below, and Greg told us to forward it to you.
No	I would be very concerned, though, given the current environment about having us listed as a sponsor.
No	I would bet that our investor relations either have it, or can get from one of their analyst buddies.
No	I would envision getting up to speed on business opportunities in Ontario and addressing the questions you raised.
No	I would like for him to be on the list for this meeting as well.
No	I would like to deliver as much of Midcon's gas as possible to Mobil (25,000-30,000) for February.
No	I would like to make monthly purchases (with the net amount transferred) of the existing mutual funds in each of the three accounts.
No	I would like to share a To-Do with you.
No	I would like to share this app with you:
No	I would like to visit there next week.
No	I would love to share it with you: $LINK
No	I would welcome your participation in any of the meetings here in Houston or on the trips that we will need to make.
No	I'd like to bring that down and get you started with my best flavors of weed.
No	I'd like to share a Moxtra Binder with you: $LINK
No	I'd like to share a clip with you from my clipboard at clipix.com
No	I'd like to share some great news with you - we have reached the milestone where we add new magazine application to the App Store every day!
No	I'd like to share this Cliqz group with you: @kmlemanski
No	I'd like to thank you for your interest in me.
No	I'll be sending out an email on this in the next couple of hours.
No	I'll defer to your more expert addressees on this one.
No	I'll forward in another email the language that the coalition has drafted and hopes Bowen and Keeley will carry.
No	I'll forward to you Parquet's notes from the meeting.
No	I'll forward to you for slashing.
No	I'll get to the office around 130-200.
No	I'll give it back to you this evening.
No	I'll keep thinking about and send another dispatch later today or first thing tomorrow morning.
No	I'll let you know what Calger sez soon as he gets back to me.
No	I'll make it explicit.
No	I'll review it and get back with Dawn.
No	I'll send details on hen night later.
No	I'll send it as soon as you resond wether I should or not.
No	I'll share a simple technique I use to move past bad experiences, and how I learn from them.
No	I'll try to write a note discussing our conversation on Friday by end of day.
No	I'm actually in Vancouver today (Monday) and tomorrow.
No	I'm also starting to think as the LM position starts to get better managed that maybe you and Chris should take the D5's and 7EA's onto your book.
No	I'm assuming that this note is no longer valid and that you're not trying to set something up for 2 PM tomorrow (Wednesday)?
No	I'm back from lunch and an email and I want it now!
No	I'm getting convinced that the Kern neg.
No	I'm here to help you have a wonderful experience with Linea, so if you have suggestions, questions, or problems, please email me directly.
No	I'm here to help.
No	I'm in Chicago right now.
No	I'm letting her make the first cut.
No	I'm not getting it.
No	I'm not sure Felipe understands that he needs to finalize the model with me first before he sends around a "lender package" for the senior guys to review.
No	I'm not sure if this is automatic or if you have to actually do something to make sure it happens, but either way, THANK YOU! Flying on this flight stinks and it would be even worse in the back of the bus!! DF
No	I'm on vacation myself right now, in Mpls, for my Dad's 70th birthday.
No	I'm still in San Diego and it looks like I'm going to need Monday to drive up to the bay area.
No	I'm thinking that Sean ain't even a big food person, that he's not working, that Molly to bring down a king's ransom in her biz, and Tom and Karen are, after all, vegetarians.
No	I'm truly sorry for the inconvenience this may cause.
No	I'm using the Placeme app to automatically remember and share my favorite places.
No	I'm working on my assistant's computer, who has sharing rights to my email.
No	I've also attached three articles from the business section of today's Chronicle that arguably bolst er our arguments for adopting the approach that we discussed at today's meetin g.
No	I've asked him to reach out to you and see if you'd like to schedule a time for a free consulting session.
No	I've been here since 8:30am but my computer was very slow booting up and after it came on I couldn't get a connection to lotus notes.
No	I've been thinking, and I know you feel like I make all of the decisions around our house when it comes to $.
No	I've got 408.390.5291 on my list of admitees to call and I'm getting the "not a valid number" recording.
No	I've heard two marketers say that there will be no "exit fees" -- i.e., no responsibility for utility debt or past or forward DWR costs.
No	I've just found a new way to meet people online: Twoo.com.
No	I've known Richard 9 years from our fraternity days together.
No	IF Mary agrees, they will prepare and addendum to the original agreement.
No	IF YOU FAIL TO ENTER HERE FOR A PCH SUPERPRIZE,
No	IMPLICATION--It seems prudent for Enron to understand better its risks of getting fingered.
No	IT contract; Received gas at the wellhead and redelivered to the pooling points on Transco .3051
No	If Enron does eventually decide to get into this deal, the agreements and promises that Dennis has already made may need to be revisited.
No	If I'm reading this correctly, the forwardhaul and the backhaul commodities are the same now.
No	If at any time you no longer wish to receive my astrological guidance with your free personal forecast and all the benefits of my exceptional astrological offers, simply click here, or email me at bethea@myhealthwealthandhappiness.com.
No	If he can get something the DOE thinks is a good price, they m ay just sell all the surplus power forward.
No	If it will expedite things and Ben will accept my signatrure then I can sign.
No	If not, then this is starting to get a little old.
No	If possible, I would like to use these two names:
No	If she chooses not to forward Mary's line to hers, she will create a new message on Mary's line that can direct callers to Vanessa.
No	If so, I think they actually get a 46% tax break on the 1 million and change that they lose using a cash basis.
No	If someone from you team had organized the resumes into three groups by GPA's or majors, that would have given us a good starting point, instead of a jumble of resumes.
No	If that doesn't work, we will simply do one-on-ones over the next ten days to get everyone.
No	If the forecast was too low, and there's an undercollection, the utility will increase January's price forecast by "just enough" to make up for the December undercollection.
No	If there is no master firm agreement, we send out our General Terms and Conditions with our confirmation.
No	If this gets to you w/b.
No	If we do, I would like to link it to the basis plus nymex, or to the fixed price gas daily (fixed price gas daily will be rolled out during bidweek this month because of our risk in gd basis going forward).
No	If you add participants, the list of suggestions will update as well.
No	If you allow us, we'll let kmlemanski know your username.
No	If you also want to realize these information about you own.
No	If you are expecting a baby or planning to have a baby, your doctor can run many tests to help assess the health of both you and your baby.
No	If you are looking for some tips and advice I'd also thought I'd invite you to live office hours with me, Wade.
No	If you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail.
No	If you are still looking for health insurance and want to compare plans, simply click the link below:
No	If you believe Syaiful Bahri is engaging in abusive behavior on Twitter, you may report Syaiful Bahri for spam: $LINK
No	If you choose not to keep your account after your trial has expired -- just do nothing.
No	If you click will provide you with a bit more info...
No	If you continue to receive emails after this period, please click below to contact Consumer Services:
No	If you decide not to log into soonr.com
No	If you do not want to change your password, then please ignore this e-mail and no changes will be made.
No	If you do not want to receive this email from MeetMe, you can change your settings by visiting the URL below.
No	If you do not wish to receive further communications like this, please click here to unsubscribe.
No	If you don't want any more messages from us, we'd be happy to remove you from all email communication from GoHealthInsurance.
No	If you don't want any more messages from us, we'd be happy to remove you from all email communication from IndividualHealthQuotes.
No	If you don't want any more messages from us, we'd be happy to remove you from all email communication from IndividualHealthQuotes. Please visit your
No	If you don't want to receive these emails from Everpix in the future, you can safely unsubscribe: $LINK
No	If you don't want to receive these emails from Facebook in the future or have your email address used for friend suggestions, please follow the link below to unsubscribe.
No	If you don't want to receive these emails from Facebook in the future, please follow the link below to unsubscribe.
No	If you don't want to receive this newsletter anymore, you can unsubscribe from:
No	If you don’t want to get an email every time someone starts following you, you can unsubscribe by clicking here: $LINK
No	If you don’t, we can’t deposit any more commissions into your bank!
No	If you enter our Sweepstakes, your entry will have the same chance to win as every other entry.
No	If you feel the same way please take a moment to check out $LINK
No	If you get this w/b.
No	If you have any other questions, please visit our Help Center.
No	If you have any questions about activating your account, please write to support@alt12.com.
No	If you have any questions about the new name, please visit our FAQ at $LINK and read our blog post at $LINK explaining the reasons and important considerations.
No	If you have any questions about the password reset process, please visit our Help Center.
No	If you have any questions about these updates, you can read more on our blog or email us at tos-questions@dropbox.com.
No	If you have any questions in regards to this correspondence or wish to no longer receive such correspondence from First Choice Capital Resources please write to:
No	If you have any questions or comments, write back to this email or reach us at contact@kicksend.com.
No	If you have any questions or concerns - please contact us!
No	If you have any questions or concerns, feel free to contact us at ipasscode@feistapps.com.
No	If you have any questions or concerns, please visit our
No	If you have any questions or ideas, we'd love to hear them.
No	If you have any questions or need any assistance at implementing any of the tools please feel free to contact us in Customer Support at
No	If you have any questions or need further assistance, please contact us.
No	If you have any questions please feel free to contact our support team filling our support request form: $LINK
No	If you have any questions please reply to this receipt with any questions to contact a Wireless Billing Bill Payment Agent.
No	If you have any questions regarding PCHPlay&Win, please visit the pch .com:
No	If you have any questions regarding this, feel free to contact us.
No	If you have any questions regarding your job posting, please feel free to contact the CDC at employers@mailman.stanford.edu.
No	If you have any questions, comments or concerns, please refer them to:
No	If you have any questions, feel free to email our support department at support@AdvancedPCTweaker.com
No	If you have any questions, please check the support page on our website: $LINK
No	If you have any questions, please contact the list owner.
No	If you have any questions, please contact us.
No	If you have any questions, visit our support forum at $LINK
No	If you have any questions, we'd love to hear from you, hello@rocketr.com.
No	If you have any trouble please let us know by emailing us at feedback@vlixvideo.com.
No	If you have questions or suggestions, please email us at comments@moshimonsters.com or mail to us at:
No	If you have questions, please call us at 1-800-548-9554.
No	If you have questions, please email us at feedback@snapsync.com.
No	If you have received this message in error and/or you would like to be removed from our email list, please visit: $LINK Please do not reply to this email.
No	If you like Revel and want to subscribe:
No	If you like to unsubscribe and stop receiving these emails click here: $LINK
No	If you login our game from January 16, 2013 to January 18, 2013, you will get extra 50 AUTOSPINS!!! Hurry up & grab it!
No	If you love the peace of mind of Lookout Premium, you can upgrade to keep Premium - $LINK
No	If you miss this deadline, we don't know when you'll be able to get access in the future.
No	If you need help or need to contact us, please visit our
No	If you need some more invites for colleagues or friends, don´t hesitate to drop us line.
No	If you need to contact us, please do not respond to this email.
No	If you no longer want to receive communication from us, please Cancel $LINK
No	If you no longer want to receive these emails, You can unsub
No	If you no longer want to receive these emails, you can unsub $LINK
No	If you no longer want us to contact you, please click below to be removed from our mailing list.
No	If you no longer want us to contact you, please click the link below to be removed from our mailing list.
No	If you no longer wish to receive emails from Scoop.it, you can unsubscribe.
No	If you no longer wish to receive marketing newsletters, you can unsubscribe here.
No	If you prefer not to receive additional messages from this sender, please click on the following link to submit your request $LINK
No	If you prefer not to receive commercial email from Apple, or if you've changed your email address, please click here.
No	If you prefer not to receive email from us, you can always unsubscribe with one click.
No	If you prefer not to receive future e-mails of this type, please copy to your browser or press on this link
No	If you prefer not to receive these tips from Dropbox, please go to $LINK
No	If you really want to win, Jude, now is the time to act!
No	If you receive this message I correctly wrote down your e-mail address.
No	If you received this in error or no longer wish to subscribe forward this email to web@enerfax.com
No	If you should have any questions, please call T Jae Black at 3-5800.
No	If you start to look at many successful folks, you will notice a number of things that they have in common…as well as a number of things that they all avoid doing.
No	If you turn the setting off, you may not be able to use certain features until you re-enable it.
No	If you want to buy some products, it will be a good choice.
No	If you want to discover how you could start selling $1,000+ high value services to businesses that desperately need your help...
No	If you want to earn $100, $200 or even up to $500 a day, and you don't mind writing some short opinions up, this is the perfect opportunity for you!
No	If you want to go to the early show, we won't be offended.
No	If you want to learn more about your data on Google and across the web, including tips and advice for staying safe online, check out $LINK
No	If you want to restore backup contacts :
No	If you want to see what the REAL Internet lifestyle is all about, check out this video today…
No	If you want to start generating pure cash profit in 17 minutes or less...
No	If you want to take advantage of our revolutionary new Artificial Intelligence software - code named Robot Author...
No	If you wish to cancel your subscription, please call the phone number below before your trial membership expires and your card will not be charged.
No	If you wish to unsubscribe please go here $LINK
No	If you would like to donate for the points, you can do so from here: $LINK or if you would like to contribute data to receive the points, this page is a good starting point: $LINK - this page shows the required amount of points for the different additional features: $LINK
No	If you would like to know who they are, where they live, and how you ca protect your family from sexual predators, please click here.
No	If you would like to no longer receive these messages, please visit here and opt out:
No	If you would like to remove yourself from the Blueberry Giant list click here:
No	If you would like to remove yourself from this list click here:
No	If you would like to stop receiving emails from Life Reimagined, then please $LINK click here to unsubscribe.
No	If you would like to stop receiving messages from us, Unsubscribe.
No	If you would like to update your email preferences, $LINK please click here .
No	If you would no longer like to receive email from us, please $LINK
No	If you would no longer like to receive messages from us, please click the link.
No	If you would no longer like to receive such offers, please click on the link and and we will remove you:
No	If you would not like to receive any more deals from this advertiser, please remove yourself here $LINK or send postal mail to Feedback, 20 West 22nd Street, Suite 908, NY, NY 10010.
No	If you would prefer to change the frequency of these email or stop them completely there are links at the bottom with instructions.
No	If you&rsquo;re winning and need to close out the match, you can switch to a defensive class with an LMG or Marksman Rifle.
No	If you'd like to be able to earn up to $100/hr in your spare time, check out this new video that was just posted:
No	If you'd like to unsubscribe and stop receiving these emails click here: $LINK
No	If you'd like to unsubscribe from Kik's marketing emails and updates, please click this link - $LINK
No	If you'd like to unsubscribe from all future LocalJobsFrenzy email advertisements, please click here.
No	If you'd like, you can unsubscribe:
No	If you'd no longer like to receive communication from us, please click on the unsubscribe link.
No	If you'd prefer to wait for the non-beta version, that will be available by the end of April.
No	If you're looking for work, or just want to make some part time money on the side, please come check out the jobs we have available.
No	If you're thinking about getting a new card, we can help!
No	If you're unsure which loan type or program is right for you or what the next step is, don't worry you can contact us anytime and we will guide you along the way.
No	If you've ever thought about pursuing Criminal Justice, now is a great time to act.
No	In Section 4.11(d), we promise that we haven't provided any gift of any kind to customers.
No	In a motion on the Senate floor, lawmakers killed an amendment to a broader bankruptcy reform bill that opponents said was a dangerous proposal that would have opened the door to involuntary bankruptcy filings by troubled California utilities.
No	In a recent CommodityLogic staff meeting, I took stock of the number of people and projects that I have provided from Energy Operations to that team.
No	In a summary page provided by NWNG, a list of all state and federal agency actions against the company was available.
No	In case I can not make the meeting, I have printed the attachment.
No	In case you haven't already marked your calendars, tomorrow will be my two year anniversary with the company.
No	In don't need to be in the e-mail loop.
No	In fact, folks are still trying to get the Commission to reject the IS and approve the one that we worked on (though the chances of that are not huge, at this point).
No	In fact, the IRS has expanded the options this year for obtaining a filing extension.
No	In order to give some information about the nutritive value of this mushroom, two species of truffles have been examinated: rtuber melanosporum Vitt._ (valuable black truffle from Norcia or Spoleto) and rtuber magnatum Pico_ (valuable white truffle from Piemonte or Acqualagna).
No	In order to succeed, it is critical to get as many members of the Silicon Valley Manufactures' Group to join in the effort and participate actively, particularly in the media effort.
No	In other words, if an employee is working on developing something within Enron that our competitors do not know about, expertfinder could provide them with that data/strategy.
No	In particular, Debbie does not like to drive at night any more.
No	In styles for every decor, at prices to please every budget.
No	In sum, the bill, in its current form, prohibits businesses and consumers from chosing an alternative energy service provider, like Enron.
No	In sum, the letter: expresses our commitment to continue working together to resolve the credit 20 issues,and, requests payment for power previously delivered to CDWR and pre-payment for 20 any new deliveries.
No	In the meantime, NewPower will send a welcome letter notifying you of the effective date of your NewPower service.
No	India based Global Software Engineering facility provides full range of IT services encompassing entire lifecycle.
No	Indiana -- Donnell Harvey, 6-8, Fr., Florida: Harvey is getting rave reviews for his work ethic in workouts, and he didn't leave school early without some sort of assurance he could go in the first round.
No	Instead of creating such a system, which apparently turned out to be mostly a manual system anyway, ECS is going to pay us a monthly fee to monitor CD's system peaks ourselves and decide when we need to get off line.
No	Instead of sending $ in and pulling $ out every month, I am going to stop sending $ into the CMA account starting this month.
No	InsuranceQuotes.com Reminder: Your Auto Insurance Policy Expires in 2 Weeks
No	Invoices and charges were discussed which So cal had charged to their management and handling of PCB's on their system.
No	Is it your dream to meet Lil Bub, sing with Beyoncé or climb Kilimanjaro?
No	Is one of our agenda items to make sure that someone's attending any such hearings and reporting back?
No	Is your new address working?
No	Issues include salaries of employees hired by buyer (effect of Enron severance plan), other benefits for divested employees (including unvested stock options, insurance, vacation, etc.), process for divesture, payment of severance obligations, possible redeployment, etc.
No	It ain't your voice on voicemail.
No	It allows me to read news from many sources including Google Reader and easily access twitter and facebook.
No	It gets increasingly important every time Richardson opens his gawd-fersaken mouth.
No	It gets the company out of the spotlight and might have some real attraction for deal starved investors... esp at this price level.
No	It has always been necessary, if you want to reach or maintain a management position, to come up with a coherent leadership strategy.
No	It is always a risk to pull together an audience of 90 and deliver something worthwhile.
No	It is intended exclusively for the individual or entity to which it is addressed.
No	It is ok to provide the requested information.
No	It is one of the few elements which have to bridge the budget and the cash flow statement.
No	It lets you browse the Top Applications of any country from your iPhone or iPod Touch.
No	It may be easier for my assistant to coordate these things in Houston than for you assistant to attempt that from London, given the time difference.
No	It now seems that FERC has realized that it has a biz meeting in D.C. on the 13th, which makes having a meeting in San Diego on the 12th somewhat difficult.
No	It really makes her mad when she does.
No	It seems like the weeks get longer and longer, doesn't it?
No	It sounds like it gives us more flexibility.
No	It was good to see the kids getting along as well as they did.
No	It was great to get your note today.
No	It was such a wonderful surprize to get the nice Halloween card and the adorable picture of Sam.
No	It will be unfortunate to miss her on my trip, but based on my commitments in Houston and Rick Causey's desire to move forward on providing trading operations support to Fernley, next week is the best for me to be in London.
No	It's December and we can sleep again: NaNoWriMo 2013
No	It's a new app that lets you create and answer polls - and even earn money while doing it!
No	It's against my nature, but I'm getting pretty close to giving up.
No	It's the best chance there is to 1) get a real market and 2) keep Edison out of bankruptcy.
No	It's too bad that the training provider can't be as responsive!
No	It's true that over the last 6 months I have not always been able to pay attention to the flood of e-mails this project generates each day.
No	Item 1: Monday General News $LINK
No	Item 1: Wednesday General News $LINK
No	Items immediately available:
No	I’d like only five minutes of your time to connect briefly to answer any questions you have on our material and discuss how uTest may be able to aid in your own testing initiatives.
No	I’d love to hear your feedback on the app so please feel free to contact me anytime.
No	I’m graduating this week from Ithaca College with a degree in English and Creative Writing, and I believe that my experience in publishing and marketing would make me a great fit for your office.
No	I’m passing you the correct link right now $LINK , because you’re a subscriber.
No	Jamie Heathorn passed me your details as a user who ran out of space on their trial so this 1GB upgrade will protect the rest of your files.
No	Jana: I have set up an interview for ttomorrow afternoon with Mason.
No	Jean, the $6M was a negotiated settlement between me and Marty Rosenberg of several old disputes as we moved forward in the restructuring of the Independence plant earlier in the year - Ruth added little other than administrative support.
No	Jeff, feel free to send any comments directly to Jennifer (and copy me, too, since I'm always interested in your comments).
No	Jennifer Bruhn Manpower Professional - National Recruiting Professional Recruiter Email: jennifer.bruhn@na.manpower.com
No	Jennifer, you are very welcome and I look forward to continuing to work with you - all the best.
No	Jere, I understand your frustruation and I am very motived to prove out the insurance product; however, I do think John has a legitimate concern (especially given the fact that this group blew up very publically internally and externally and we need to repair the image internally and market perception externally in order to be successful in the future) surrounding multiple groups covering the same customers with different stories.
No	Joanie found the email from CALP stating they did receive the wire payment.
No	John, I asked Brian to investigate taking a number of ESA's engineering folks into his central Technical Services group.
No	Jordan01235 can now play!
No	Jose, I think the supplemental info you have provided is outstanding and helpful to the lenders in understanding the overall picture and the history.
No	Jude, in the event that you experience technical difficulties with our new layout or if you would like to share your thoughts about it with me, please email me at bethea@myhealthwealthandhappiness.com or just hit the reply button to this email
No	Judging from your e-mail, it sounds like you had some fun in your exercises- I guess that English degree is finally paying off.
No	July has ended... BUT there is still time to take advantage of MONTH-END
No	June 2011 13: Fertile Day 1 - Est due date 02/28/12 14: Fertile Day 2 - Est due date 02/28/12 15: Fertile Day 3 - Est due date 02/28/12 16: Fertile Day 4 - most likely to ovulate 17: Fertile Day 5 - Est due date 02/28/12 29: Period Day 1 30: Period Day 2
No	June was an awesome month at Shareaholic!
No	Just after lunch if possible.
No	Just between thee and me, I think this note gets to some of the challenges we faced and discussed as part of our "group gropes" over the last several months.
No	Just click on the link below to view this note I want to share with you.
No	Just learned that California's key small consumer group, TURN, will be sending a letter to the PUC saying that it would be a violation of due process to issue on Thursday the sorts of orders the PUC is comtemplating without first giving folks a chance to comment.
No	Just looking for someone to finance the development of my land.
No	Just looking forward to the weekend.
No	Just want to add that 1) if we're uneasy about wearing the full requirements risk, then focusing on offering a purely wholesale deal can still be very attractive, given SDG&E's blunders w.r.t.
No	Just wanted to make sure that we have him on the right list.
No	KO somehow gets the information from CGAS.
No	Kari just wrote me an email expressing great appreciation for the materials.
No	Kate Spade: Up to 75% Off Surprise Sale + Extra 20% Off When You Buy Two or More Select Items
No	Katherine L. wants to share the movie 'My Movie from MAR 5, 2013' with you!
No	Kayla01235 can now play!
No	Keep spending time getting advice from Barbara.
No	Ken: currently we get outside E-mails from PIRA and Enerfax on a daily basis.
No	Kevin, how do we get at the transmission without buying the entire company?
No	Kick off Your Half-Year Resolution on July 11.
No	Kimat, I copied Sep forward on deal 202939 to deal 380571 and changed the counterparty to new power.
No	LAST CALL BEFORE CHRISTMAS
No	LAST DAY TO BOGO + 15% OFF + FREE SHIPPING!
No	LAST DAY TO BOGO + FREE SHIPPING!
No	LAST WEEKEND TO BOGO + 15% OFF + FREE SHIPPING!
No	LAST-MINUTE HALLOWEEN COSTUME IDEAS: waldo halloween costume $LINK
No	Last Week $LINK
No	Last year, a survey by ratings agency Nielsen found that YouTube is the go-to platform for teenagers looking to listen to or discover new...
No	Lastly, and I think this is just administrative stuff, Kristi's Roth IRA does not show up on the web or on the statements we receive in the mail.
No	Laura: Attached are the letters that I referenced in the previous email.
No	Life is busy at Enron and I literally receive hundreds of e:mails every week.
No	Listen, I have your email adress but not your phone #.
No	Litigation by persons who lose their jobs as a result of the transaction and who choose not to sign the waiver for double the severance benefits is possible.
No	Longer tasks can cause you to lose focus on your initial project and cost you time when you try to restart.
No	Look forward to drinking a few beers.
No	Look forward to meeting on Wednesday.
No	Look forward to meeting you on Saturday.
No	Look forward to meeting you.
No	Look forward to reviewing your proposal.
No	Look forward tot he dinner on the 14th of May.
No	Looking forward to chilling out by the pool for a week and doing nothing.
No	Looking forward to hearing from you.
No	Looking forward to it.
No	Looking forward to seeing you.
No	Looks like we are getting another $5,000.00
No	Lynch's failure to "ensure that the commission's Aug. 3, 2000, emergency order on long-term contracts was quickly implemented has placed the state budget at risk for costs now at least 40% higher," the letter said.
No	ME Cancun Complete - All-Inclusive
No	ME Cancun Complete by Melia - All-Inclusive
No	MG Metals -- handled issues surrounding termination of Rudolph Wolff employees, including separation agreements, negotiations with counsel, etc. Project Falcon -- reviewed diligence reports, client discussions.
No	March 2011 12: Period Day 1 13: Period Day 2 14: Period Day 3 15: Period Day 4 16: Period Day 5 17: Period Day 6 18: Period Day 7 28: Fertile Day 1 - Est due date 12/17/11 29: Fertile Day 2 - Est due date 12/17/11 30: Fertile Day 3 - Est due date 12/17/11 31: Fertile Day 4 - most likely to ovulate
No	Mark Haedicke requested I forward the attached drawing.
No	Mark Taylor wanted to hold up transferring confirm responsibility to Calgary, so we still need to provide excellent service to them.
No	Mark Taylor will send a list of proposed topics for the European conference.
No	Mark, this is great - giving the increased exposure/politics in some of these markets it makes a lot of sense.
No	Married folks with kids... get a baby sitter!!!
No	Marvelous modern treasures you won't want to miss.
No	May make a difference in information provided.
No	McDonald's and Burger King collide and we want to know which fast food restaurant do you prefer.
No	Me Jump - The Ultimate Addictive Arcade Game $0.99 BrothersApps
No	Meanwhile, I would like to inform you that your hosting account is already active and ready to be used.
No	Memeo C1 is a simple way for employees to access and update important business documents across computers and mobile devices, without your IT Admin having to give up security and control.
No	Memory-maker or nightmare -- could be a toss up, but maybe worth the try.
No	Message received on Wednesday, December 31st at 6:00 PM CST
No	Mesut Özil is that kind of a player that you need to watch with 101% concentration to see what exactly he does on field.
No	Michael Tribolet and I (about 99% Michael) have put together a rough cut analysis of the core/noncore structure, and some scenarios Hertzberg has asked for.
No	Mick does not think there are any other outstanding issues for transport as a methodology has been established and agreed upon for 1/2000 forward.
No	Mike's wife decided not to make the trip, so he won't be using the tickets.
No	Mitchell Falls ~ Western Australia $LINK
No	Mom: Oh! Did you get a job??!
No	Monday OneDay Coupon Codes!
No	Monday OneDay Sale! Instant Rebate!
No	Monday through Friday:
No	Monday, April 16th
No	Monday, August 6th
No	Monday, June 4th ညီ ညီ လြင္ - $LINK
No	Monday, May 14th
No	More arrows for our quiver in trying to get out the truth.
No	More top books this week:
No	Morgan McKeel retweeted za☪h @ZACHARYDUPUIS relationship like this please $LINK
No	Most of these are the wrong people, but they should be able to get you to the right person.
No	Move to Prohibit Customer Choice As you may know, AB1X, the bill that the Legislature recently passed and the Governor signed, gives the California Department of Water Resources the authority to buy power on behalf of the utilities.
No	Mr. Lay discussed the core/noncore proposal extensively during his trip to Sacramento several weeks ago when, as you recall, he visited Sacramento and met with a variety of legislators from both sides of the aisle to discuss solutions to California's electricity crisis.
No	Mr. Stewart, as per you voice mail request to me on Feb. 20, 2001, attached is the correspondance concerning the reqeust to replace the mixing valves with carbuerators at the Northern Natural Gas, Spraberry Plant.
No	Ms Bennett: Thanks for the voicemail.
No	Must start emailing around.....
No	My Dear Friend, I am now using The Sites Preview, and it's really fun and inspirational.
No	My address is:
No	My contacts at The New Power company said you should call this number 1-888-926-9988.
No	My e-mail address is changed to mark.e.haedicke.enron.com
No	My flight gets into S.D. at at 8:35 on southwest.
No	My flowers have not been delivered.
No	My focus is to help Enron people get back to work (Permanent or Contract openings).
No	My mail stop is EB 3125A.
No	My opinion at this point is that she can do it, so long as it is on her own time and using her own resources, and, of course, provided that she reveals no Enron-specific information.
No	My reading of the email to all employees is that it does not include temporary employees.
No	My schedule is extremely flexible, and I would like to start working as soon as possible.
No	My system shows ENA delivered 130,000 to Canajoharie and 5,000 to Tenn-Wright one day (you though little ol' ENA was taking advantage of you).
No	NYISO Customer Relations staff has sent this e-mail notice to you because a resolution is included.
No	Nancy and Mary took the budget news well.
No	NeatConnect's Wi-Fi capability lets you put it wherever your paper is.
No	Need to get status of those conversations.My understanding was that, if there's a problem with the decision, perhaps our filing would be pushed a bit past the Tuesday.
No	Needless to say, given the Governor's press release, I'm a little concerned about what he might want.
No	No goods or services were provided in consideration of this gift.
No	No problem - our mobile portal lets you get to your files on the move as well!
No	No problem with the plan to send a demand letter to El Paso on the measurement issue.
No	No, I didn't get the message that Cara had called.
No	Nokia estimates it is likely to earn 19 European cents a share in the first quarter, in line with estimates it provided in January.
No	None as of right now.
No	Not all Foundation members are getting OU tix any more, so I continue to consider myself lucky to continue getting tickets at all.
No	Not only will you save money but you'll also have more control over the healthier options.
No	Note there is at least one issue we ought to think about a bit more--whether to have Stan imply there may be other goodies available other than the Hobbs Line.
No	Notes: Task Created on 03/28/2011.
No	Nothing substantial came up on Helsinki, so it was fine that we didn't get to talk today.
No	Now Is a Great Time to Compare Homeowners Quotes in Zephyrhills:
No	Now as Low as $99 Ocean View!
No	Now we'd like to draw your attention to another news-making issue: Net neutrality.
No	Now you can post images on the Ring’s message board
No	Now, show us you want to win $5,OOO.OO Every Week For Life by clicking below and searching at PCHSearch&Win.
No	Now, that may not hold water in next session, but at least it makes sure Sacramento picks up the issue.
No	ON the other two items, I'll send you separate emails on each.
No	Of course, this week is also a great time to discuss with your kids what Easter is all about.
No	Often I think too literally and narrowly and forget about the importance of spin.
No	Oh great, the knuckleheads at PG&E will get SoCal all spooked.
No	Oil Pollution Act-OPA 90 plans had been prepared and were up to date
No	Ok to talk to him, I just don't want to get his expectations up.
No	On Feb 26, 2013, at 11:00 PM, I Use This App sent a direct message on Twitter:
No	On Friday, October 26, 2001, M3iworks & SVMG proudly launched SVMG's new website--designed to be the "go-to" site for SVMG member companies, legislators representing Silicon Valley, and public and private sector entities concerned about key Silicon Valley quality-of-life issues and what employers and legislators are doing to address the critical challenges we face.
No	On July 3, 2012, picplz will shut down permanently and all photos and data will be deleted.
No	On May 3rd, we discovered suspicious network activity on the LastPass internal network.
No	On November 3, YouTube will honor the artists you love in a global celebration with live performances by Lady Gaga, Eminem, Arcade Fire and more.
No	On a different note, the current Monterrey control budget is showing a $5.3M negative variance from the original control budget.
No	On the days where deal 135563 is applicable, the purchases and sale should balance out; no flow.
No	On the means of delivery, I am not sure from your note whether or not I fully understand the intent.
No	Once again, we get in on Saturday (10th) about 9pm.
No	Once the Bundeskartellamt gives its blessing, we expect to see Covisint up and running in 30 days."
No	Once you update your app, youʼll no longer have access to the social network.
No	Once you've reached that limit, you'll receive an alert asking if you'd like to purchase the full version which has no limit on the number of list items you can create.
No	One Week to Christmas
No	One day, I want to learn how to crawl in a ventilation shaft.
No	One has to submit testimony to get certified!
No	One is a word file with a suggested list of business leaders that we might bring into the discussions.
No	One of these four short plans can help you start now, building not just your Bible-reading confidence, but even your faith in God through His Word:
No	One thing I'm not clear on and that I couldn't find in the syllabus is, what's the format for the write up?
No	Opps, I'm late for a meeting!
No	Or were u at now
No	Our QCF director will take you to lunch after the seminar.
No	Our goal is to direct orders to the market center offering the best possible execution price, without consideration of order flow payments.
No	Our guy John Neslage is trying to pull together exactly what you're requesting.
No	Our intention is to fedex the ISDA out to Steve tonight.
No	Our kids will get out of school on Friday, May 25.
No	Our subcommitte is meeting tomorrow to try to close the deal on a proposed solution.
No	Our website will bring you as much information as we can find to this... $LINK
No	Over the last several years, Dominion Transmission has worked hard providing additional value to producers on its gathering system and through innovative projects and joint ventures.
No	PCHSearch&Win, we'd like to share this exciting information with you right now!
No	PS I apoligize if you got this email message twice; I have two email
No	Parquet ever get in touch with you?
No	Pat/Christian: I'm assuming that the IOUs wouldn't be dumb enough to recommend something that would have an adverse effect on DWR's creditworthiness, but wanted to make sure you had a chance to review--just in case they're not as smart as I assume.
No	Paul Kaufman mentioned that you'd like to see the testimony that Steve Kean (at a congressional field hearing in San Diego) and I (at a FERC field hearing in San Diego) gave a few weeks ago.
No	Paul: Here's additional info for the "curtailment" data that we're pulling together.
No	Paul: Here's additional info for the curtailment data that we're pulling together.
No	Per my previous e-mail.
No	Per my voice mail message, attached is a draft memo regarding Brent's role in London.
No	Per my voicemail, attached is a proposed statement to open the Executive Committee meeting on Monday.
No	Per my voicemail, we will need the executed guaranty by Tuesday, October 2 4, 2000.
No	Per our discussion, attached is my rough draft of the Legal Script.
No	Per your requests attached is a 1 year proposal for Firm Transportation on Oasis to deliver gas to Lone Star Kerrville.
No	Permitting and Air Quality Issues Developers of distributed (i.e., =01&on-site=018) generation that is 50 MWs or greater must receive certification from the California Energy Commission an d therefore face all of the impediments to development that large-scale generation faces.
No	Permitting and Air Quality Issues Developers of distributed (i.e., =01&on-site=018) generation that is 50 MWs or greater must receive certification from the California Energy Commission an d therefore faces all of the impediments to development that large-scale generation faces.
No	Plan includes eventual connections to existing and planned trans-Pacific systems.
No	Please click the link below to confirm that you'd like to receive emails from Home Based Business Sign Ups.
No	Please click the link below to confirm your email address, so that we can let you know when people are trying to chat with you!
No	Please do not hesitate to email with any questions you may have, and once again thank you for all your support!
No	Please don't reply to this email, if you need to reach us please email customer service by clicking on this link:
No	Please feel free to contact a counselor at 1-800-769-3571 x 1910, if you need further assistance.
No	Please know that at Pogo, we don't want to send you information you don't want to receive.
No	Please reach out to us anytime if you have questions or suggestions at support@gyft.com.
No	Positive Living Tip of the Day Monday January 29, 2001 Your Environment Do you live or work in an environment that creates undue stress in your life?
No	Preferably Tu, W, Th, the week of the 11th.
No	Prentice ever get back to you regarding logistics about tomorrow nite?
No	Prentice said that she didn't get it, so just wanted to make sure that it wasn't lost in cyberspace somewhere.
No	Presentations and discussion: 8:15 - 9:30 a.m.
No	Presents sure to please every personality&mdash;and every budget.
No	Presents to please just about everyone&mdash;at prices that will more than please you.
No	President Obama on Monday responded to growing concerns about the nation's battered housing market by unveiling a plan to help reduce the monthly mortgage payment of homeowners who owe more than their properties are worth.
No	Pretty much as soon as I can get all my shit together.
No	Probably wouldn't hurt to log the same call or e:mail in to the rest of the guys on the list.
No	Property in the Emerald Triangle... Forever yours and complete with a crew to grow the dankest headiest medicine nature can provide.
No	Prospective students should discuss these options with a school representative.If you wish to unsubscribe please go here $LINK
No	Proven ability to hire and retain talented people Ability to create a sense of urgency for the over-achievement of plan revenue targets.
No	QFs who voluntarily switched to PX pricing have been getting paid full PX prices (and there seem to be a couple of thousand MWs that have switched.
No	Questions which arose during my discussions with Sue Garven today concerning the turbine performance and associated warranty and TAA issues.
No	Quora keeps throwing mouth-watering insults at me:
No	RE: the tx buyout announced on Friday.
No	REVISED VERSION: CARACAS PROGRAM - Tuesday, June 12, 2001 PANEL: ECONOMIC, FINANCIAL AND POLITICAL OUTLOOK FOR VENEZUELA Registration and breakfast: 7:30 - 8:00 a.m.
No	Readr gives users 7 days of FREE reading upon download and 20 minutes FREE reading every month thereafter.
No	Rebecca, lets just go forward with HPL on Thursday - Tex Mex, after going through with the deal team, still has some issues to be resolved.
No	RedDot provides software that enables business users to simply maintain their web site by "clicking on the red dot".
No	RedDot provides software that enables business users to simply maintain their web site by clicking on the red dot.
No	Regarding my homework assignment, I checked my records and, lo and behold, I am completely vested.
No	Remember, life's too short to get too worried about it.
No	Rest assured if you don't want to sell any of your projects you don't need to do anything, all your work is kept private.
No	Rex: We are trying to make this as limited as possible.
No	Richard S. Friedman Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP 350 South Grand Ave., 36th Floor Los Angeles, CA 90071 Ph: (213) 613-2836 Fax: (213) 613-2950 Email: friedman@hugheshubbard.com
No	Right after that another lady in the group is getting married next week (I think) so we gave her a wedding shower.
No	Rodeo BBQ tickets, golf tourneys, etc.) and provide Enron goodies to people all the time.
No	Rosanna Migliaccio Vice President Robert Walters Associates (212) 704-9900 Fax: (212) 704-4312 mailto:rosanna@robertwalters.com
No	SCARY GOOD DEALS - 2 DAYS TO SAVE!
No	SCARY GOOD DEALS - FINAL DAY TO SAVE!
No	SEARCH NOW IF YOU WANT TO WIN!
No	SERC- For Saturday we sold 200MW (HE15-19 for a 5 hour take) @ $80.00.
No	SOCO, OPC will be on the bid for Monday.
No	Sally asked me to forward this to you FYI.
No	Sally will need to discuss this with Leslie next week when they return to the office and get back with you then.
No	Sally's recommendation to include Joannie is necessary to make sure everyone knows The Plan for the Enron board dinner and any other future Enron/Lay joint function that Ken and I might host.
No	Sanjeev will come for an informal interview on Friday.
No	Saturday January 19, 2002 2:00pm 680 Park Avenue (corner 68th St.) Tel.
No	Saturday night I will be staying in Round Rock (going to Paige's homecoming in Georgetown), but Neil will still be at the Hyatt.
No	Saudi, thanks, but I'll wait until you and I can play it together.
No	Save all the places you want to show your friends into a collection in Everplaces, which you can easily share with anyone visiting you.
No	Say you are out and about and you see something interesting - an awesome shop or an apartment you'd like to rent.
No	Search Now if You Want to Win
No	See separate e:mail for contact names and numbers in Operations while I am out.
No	See you Monday!
No	See you Sunday.
No	See you on Friday, April the 27th.
No	See you on Monday.
No	See you tomorrow!
No	See you tomorrow.
No	Seeing is believing, so we'd like to offer you another chance to try Flow, free.
No	Sent it Monday night.
No	Sent you a project proposal last Thursday on behalf of Dasovich, Guinney, Sama and Vavrek and just wanted to make sure that you received it.
No	September 4, 2011, Late Night: $LINK
No	Seriously, the agenda doesn't seem to have any flavor of escalation, which is great given the lack of attractive alternatives for our team right now.
No	Service Release 2 for Poser 10 and Poser Poser Pro 2014, plus PoserFusion 2014 plug-ins are now available.
No	Services like 23 And Me let people understand themselves better by analyzing their genome.
No	Shares of FuelCell closed down $4.44 to $72.13 in Wednesday trading.
No	She also forwarded this message to several other women outside of our church.
No	She can provide you with any information and/or assistance that you need and can also get you in contact with Edelman, the PR firm directing the media effort.
No	She can stuff the little sucker if I get all the other stuff.
No	She has also been discussing the utilities with outside counsel and we may be able to open more up for trading.
No	She is planning on attending SMSU in Springfiel d in the fall.
No	She may not be the person to talk with regarding displaying a boat, but will very likely be able to give the correct contact.
No	She was also wondering about details of dinner - said in the last meeting it had been discussed to possibly do a western theme - with jeans (?).
No	She will send out a revised spreadsheet on Thursday.
No	Shop online and receive a $30 service credit Offer available while supplies last.
No	Should I send the other info.
No	Since Sunday 28 August 2011, you have been invited by 2 of your contacts to join Netlog, the social community for over 83 million members.
No	Since hundreds of years ago, the Kama Sutra is a guideline for man how to please a woman in a relationship.
No	Since this offer may expire at anytime, you might want to hurry and participate now!
No	Since we are selling deliverd gas, the Receipt and Delivery volumes should be the same.
No	Slow browser may need to wait 15 seconds for your email to appear, then scroll to view.
No	So I am asking all MyLifeOrganized customers to consider writing at least short review for MLO-iPad on AppStore mentioning what you like and probably what you want to improve.
No	So I can see why you would receive my mail on occassion if someone is either making an educated guess on the address or referencing my old card.
No	So I can't make this meeting.
No	So as long as they buy spot, they can meet the benchmark and pass everything through.
No	So how do you stand out from the crowd?
No	So if she makes the next two dances, then she will be in 8 out of 10 dances for the football season.
No	So if you want to save money, better jump to it.
No	So, I'm not going to San Antonion, just heading for GTown tomorrow.
No	So, in order to correctly estimate our economics, I changed the price on the delivery to reflect how the deal will settle.
No	So, why not make the most of it?
No	Solution: 1) Don't make the PX a monopoly.
No	Sometimes you want to deal with something later.
No	Sorry about not getting back to you sooner.
No	Sorry for the delay in getting back to you .
No	Sorry if it made things, well, fidgety.
No	Sorry that I had to cancel and that it took so long for me to get back with you.
No	Sorry we couldn't make it yesterday.
No	Sorry wrong address
No	Sorry you didn't make to have a beer after the final.
No	Sorry, I read the other email first--you guys have me covered quite well.
No	Sorry, sometimes my Dwarven side gets the better of me, but I really, really want everyone to join us this year.
No	Sounds like the IOUs will get some financial support from Davis tomorrow (at least in words).
No	Southeast Beaches Kickoff Sale! Hurry, Offers End at Midnight Tomorrow!
No	Southwest Airlines e-mail update for August 21, 2001
No	Speaking of cheese, I spoke with Jeff Green last night, and under the circumstances, he'd prefer to do the Dome road next summer (when he's up doing more work on my property.
No	Spill reporting history and notifications to the state agency were available for review
No	Stan Horton appreciates the invitation; however, he is unable to attend.
No	Stan is in DC today but will be back in the office tomorrow morning.
No	Steve Kean asked that I be the Enron participant at a Women in Business panel discussion at Columbia School of Business.
No	Steve: Jim mentioned that Ken Lay was trying to talk to Glynn today about getting the PX credit issue resolved.
No	Stop checking your email-aren't you on vacation?
No	Sue stopped by and wanted to discuss your email re: launching missiles over email to the world.
No	Summary of yesterdays meeting attached
No	Sure family walk - I get the message (finally) I will communicate with you via E-Mail.
No	Sure, we all need a little pick-me-up every now and then in the form of a latte or a new outfit, but by the time you're 30, you've probably figured out which expenditures make you really happy and which fizzle fast.
No	Take 20% off* online with coupon code ZZSANTA through Monday, December 16th, 2013.
No	Take health insurance for instance, we can provide you with competitive quotes for the top insurance companies in the nation.
No	Take homeowners insurance for instance, we can provide you with competitive quotes for the top insurance companies in the nation.
No	Taking a break from my sabbatical tomorrow at 7:30 to interview @guygavrielkay onstage at St Ann's Academy.
No	Taking place on Friday the 15th.
No	Target date: Nov. 15th and Dec. 1 cut off
No	Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and Safety Information are applicable to this site.
No	Thank you for all of the emails.
No	Thank you for following me.
No	Thank you for installing our Staunton's Group Pass, we hope you enjoy using it.
No	Thank you for the email.
No	Thank you for your time and I look forward to hearing from you.
No	Thanks -- I now know that you read notes mail messages very promptly!
No	Thanks Susan, that makes sense.
No	Thanks a lot and I look forward to seeing you guys on Wednesday.
No	Thanks and talk to you on Wednesday.
No	Thanks for sending a single check.
No	Thanks for sending me your thoughts from the meeting you attended.
No	Thanks for the e-mail.
No	Thanks for the email regarding my baby.
No	Thanks for the email.
No	Thanks for the info, I see a couple of changes I need to make.
No	Thanks, but ain't gonna happen this week.
No	Thanx for Nav's address.
No	That KN Wattenberg order is excellent for us on the jurisdictional issue, so maybe the longer we wait the better the law will get for us.
No	That article, you may recall, is where ECS agreed to create a computerized system that would monitor Continental Divide's electric system utilization and warn when their system peaks were occurring and then automatically take the compressor offline (subject to manual override) so we and ECS could avoid peak period demand charges.
No	That format would make it easier for me to transfer the info.
No	That is the only gibberish that you should be receiving.
No	That means you didn't send me the attachment.
No	That power shortage Friday cut us off in the middle of our conversation about the appropriate tax language to use for a confirmation evidencing a trade between Teeside Power Financing Limited and RMT.
No	That probably would make next week better for me than this week.
No	That should bring available cash for equities to: $190,000
No	That should make life fun for you!
No	That sounds nice but if we continue to make programs for M.O.P., I would like to use the short ones.
No	That was his concern yesterday, and Kim's note really doesn't address that.
No	That will make good airplane material tomorrow.
No	That would send a pretty strong signal to the market that we are serious about deadlines.
No	That's what confused me because I remember us sending in a fax nom.
No	The CPUC gets out of the way and stops the practice of "after-the-fact" reviews of power purchases.
No	The CPUC gets out of the way and stops the practice of after-the-fact reviews of power purchases.
No	The Celtics covet him, too, but Cleveland might not give them the chance because of the Cavs' need for size with the uncertainty in their frontcourt.
No	The Celtics need size but can't let a scorer get past them in the draft.
No	The East Desk is having a meeting tomorrow at the same time to discuss the split out of the East Desk into 11 new books.
No	The Enron attendees for tomorrow's meeting are: Ken Lay, Marty Sunde and Bob Williams.
No	The FERC Wednesday proposed limiting the California Power Exchange's price setting mechanism to $150 a megawatt-hour.
No	The Notice of Intent air permit application for the Crawford C/S was mailed to the State of New Mexico, Air Quality Bureau.
No	The Prime Minister of Japan didn't show up and actually it is expected that he is out of a job on a no confidence vote last night.
No	The Republican lawmakers said the commission is responsible for nearly forcing the utilities into bankruptcy.
No	The Rockets need scorers and Alexander will produce during individual workouts.
No	The StatMill Web Site provides members of American Forest & Paper Association with immediate access to their statistical reports.
No	The Texas Desk needs to get a new product created.
No	The above will be held at the Houston Club and will be quite a fun event.
No	The address for St. Mary's church is as follows:
No	The applicable product numbers are 33462, 33464, 33491, and 33492.
No	The assistants pick up our lines and amtel us when voice mails have been left.)
No	The attendees are operations focussed and may be interested in issues such as siting, interconnection and environmental issues.
No	The available times for the live telephone interview would be 5:30pm CT, 6:30pm CT, and 7:30pm CT.
No	The best of luck getting organized.
No	The big issue getting in the way of the deal 20 continues to be credit.
No	The biggest artists from every genre, sharing one stage for a legendary weekend in Vegas.
No	The budget, and the R's desire to mess with Davis, are prolonging things a bit.
No	The burger war heats up! McDonald's and Burger King collide and we want to know which fast food restaurant do you prefer.
No	The class schedule hasn't required an afternoon dose as of yet.
No	The closing dinner for the big financing will be on Feb. 8.
No	The counseling session provided us with the information needed to provide you options and discuss workable solutions that will help to improve your finances.
No	The delivery point is Rayne.
No	The delivery to the citygate should be on the big FOM deal ticket comingled with everything else.
No	The document you gave me is the form assignment letter that I have prepared for many Bridgeline personnel.
No	The evualtion and written discussion of each disicpline is based upon the availability of records, documents and discussions with NWNG personnel.
No	The first email was what I sent to Burton and Susan.
No	The first step to determining the legacy you want to leave behind is establishing strong values that are important to pass on.
No	The following title is scheduled for removal on Wednesday, August 28th.
No	The gold master arrived from Apple yesterday like a little gift from heaven, and we're happy to finally be able to give you the releasable iOS7-compatible version of the Aviary iOS SDK.
No	The great national experiment to open the sale of electricity to competition, which California has been largely credited with pioneering, was supposed to lower prices by freeing consumers from the monopolistic grip of government regulated utilities.
No	The guy negotiating the bill on behalf of IEP told me that there's a 35-40% chance that it will make it out of the Senate by the end of next week, which means that it still has quite a ways to go.
No	The insurance policies were not available at the time of this due diligence to determine policy applicability and coverage amounts for this site.
No	The intersection between publishing and technology would be the perfect fit for me, and the innovation behind BookVibe is so exciting.
No	The kids love our home tradition for the game, and weren't sure that they wanted to give that up.
No	The latest piece of news is your possible chapter 7 filing, and I've been raking my mind trying to see if you guys will be taken care of in that case.
No	The meeting between Skilling & the Governor went well.
No	The meeting is about the balancing act--profits vs. principles, short vs. long-term needs, and listening to multiple stakeholders.
No	The meeting is about the balancing act-profits vs. principles, short vs. long-term needs, and listening to multiple stakeholders.
No	The meeting was convened at the request of Doug Arnell, but Jeff Shankman thinks that there is no need for formal meetings: we can ask them for the information directly on as needed basis.
No	The mornings will be the best time to learn, but you can spend as much time as you want.
No	The new HomeRun by Deem offer for $10 for Two Admissions to a Bridal Expo at Chateau Elan on August 18th is up here: $LINK
No	The new HomeRun by Deem offer for $10 for Two Tickets to the Killian Hall Wedding Expo on Sunday, July 14th is up here: $LINK
No	The new HomeRun by Deem offer for $29 for Four Drop-In Children’s Fitness Classes &amp; Four Weeks of Unlimited Gym Access is up here: $LINK
No	The new HomeRun by Deem offer for $49 for a Student Assessment and 4 Weeks of 1-Hour Math or English Classes is up here: $LINK
No	The new product will be a day product like our current Katy and HSC Pool products, so it will be a fixed price product for next day gas delivered at the Corpus location.
No	The nightly feedings are close at hand!!
No	The online team has scheduled a new employee training for tomorrow and at 10:30 am Tom Moran and I are going to give a presentation on online approval procedures.
No	The only red flag is the perception of marketers being in the same room together.
No	The plan of getting short for OCT bidweek no longer applies because of reduced basis risk in OCT basis.
No	The position unites all the Field Operations actions together with the world wide corporate business plan:
No	The position unites all the Field Operations actions together with the world wide corporate business plan: 1.
No	The problem is that a clear target list, joint accountabilities and schedule between the groups has not been rolled out which was discussed at Columbia Lakes.
No	The purpose of my visit is in regard to my Global Risk Management Operations role, I believe that Rick Causey met with you regarding some operations support that Brent and I will provide to Fernley during a transition period prior to the arrival and during the assimilation of Michael Jordan, the JP Morgan staffer that Fernley has hired.
No	The reason I ask is that OLER is revising all Enron policies right now, and I think that the harassment prevention policy is being revised as well.
No	The reason I'm concerned is that when my brother moved he did a change of address and my mail has been screwed up ever since.
No	The referenced Diamond Shamrock/Koch joint venture would like to execute the same one.
No	The remote computers that you want to access must be on and running the PocketCloud Companion app.
No	The residual liquid binds with the butter to make the pasta succulent.
No	The rest of the morning will be spent in breakout teams, with assignments to come up with specific action steps to strengthen operating controls, improve the accuracy of information provided and move toward best practices in providing mid and back office services within Enron.
No	The returns and value provided by these companies will be primarily be based on the timing of new production and their asset base and they will realize (on a relative basis) very little from the trading.
No	The risk is showing the value of SJ to Socal topock (currently wide spreads for 2001) on the transport when it actually has less value delivering to Mojave topock.
No	The sale of the assets came about in the attempt to "trim the fat" (or manage earnings, you make the call).
No	The sale of the assets came about in the attempt to trim the fat (or manage earnings, you make the call).
No	The short bonus questionnaire will take under 2 minutes to complete.
No	The short bonus survey will take under 2 minutes to finish.
No	The students in the class are were very smart -- many of them already have experience in the energy industries -- and we believe the course puts them in a position to immediately contribute to any energy-related organization that they would join.
No	The three iWork apps - Pages, Numbers and Keynote - have been available on the iPad since the tablet's debut in April 2010.
No	The top book pick for you this week comes from Katie Kieffer who discussed:
No	The topics covered in the manual addressed all environmenatl issues that the company appeared to be involved with.
No	The turbines will be assigned to two sister Delaware LLCS: CA Energy Development I, LLC and CA Energy Development II, LLC.
No	Then definition of the operating standards that we must uphold, discussion, plans on reporting and buy in on these.
No	Then, on Sunday, I did something and now can't get the computer to load up windows.
No	There are a number of people here in Houston that could probably give you a read on her based on very recent experience.
No	There are four of us that are not playing tomorrow?
No	There are only TWO DAYS LEFT to save up to 50% on select styles for the entire family!
No	There could be a play to get a hefty sum up front from a consulting firm to partner with us - we impart our risk knowledge, they get the edge in the marketplace from pairing with us, we take our upfront payment, they do most of the grinding work - not necessarily a bad model.
No	There has been a change in plans, the dinner is now going to be held at Pastor Beth's.
No	There is also a position open for Director of Development of Rice University and I have contacted Malcolm Gillis and Christie Patrick happens to be meeting with him today so she is going to mention that I am interested.
No	There is also hope that any deal would be used as a way to get Pacific Gas & Electric Co. out of bankruptcy.
No	There is an Enron happy hour for Beth that I will stop by at 6:30 that night, but I expect to be free after that.
No	There is not enough data on it to make an educated decision.
No	There is sheer disaster that impacts many companies/locations (which may require one approach), and then there is nusance stuff (frozen freeways in Houston, etc.) that really requires an updated contact list and set of notification procedures.
No	There may be some slight changes before the forum begins, but this will give you a good idea of the topics to be covered and the other speakers who will address the group.
No	There was a general discussion about whether going to numbers made it seem more competitive.
No	There were references to a 1989 document in the "Baseline" report for specific parameters, but there may have been an update to target contamination level requirements since that date and therefore, I used 10,000 ppm which is a general action level for most states for total petroleum hydrocarbons.
No	There were references to a 1989 document in the Baseline report for specific parameters, but there may have been an update to target contamination level requirements since that date and therefore, I used 10,000 ppm which is a general action level for most states for total petroleum hydrocarbons.
No	Therefore, I think the questions which Tozzinni needs to address are along the lines of:
No	These are my hours: 8am to 5pm
No	These changes will take effect October 17, 2013 and will apply to your account from this date forward.
No	These deals are going to accelerate--very confidentially, they are directly linked to getting the universe connected to Enron On-line, our very successful B2B website.
No	These technologies carry great promise for addressing some of the challenges currently faced by regulators and market participants alike.
No	They also won two special judges awards - not given out every time, but only when the judges want to especially recognize achievements.
No	They are being re-deployed out of the upstream services group and have significant experience and relationships in the producer services market segment.
No	They are sending me a brochure.
No	They are taking him out of the hospital tomorrow or Wed.
No	They discuss countless ways to get the new duds you want without the price tag you have come to expect.
No	They helped me book my room over the phone.
No	They intend to give it to Debra Bowen first thing next week.
No	They land and the pilot turns to Stumpy, "By golly, I did everything I could think of to get you to yell out, but you didn't."
No	They land and the pilot turns to Stumpy, By golly, I did everything I could think of to get you to yell out, but you didn't.
No	They plan to launch a campaign next week telling businesses in S.D. that the best thing to leave Sempra and switch to another provider.
No	They were completely outclassed against the one (albeit right now, the best team in the country) good team they have played.
No	They'll send me the data if we need it.
No	Think about how your experience and skills fit into the job description of a position you want to apply for.
No	This Friday and Saturday take 50% off our entire collection of women's and girls Flurry Mocs* + take an additional 30% off all regular priced merchandise with coupon code 251415618.**
No	This amount of time should be adequate to put together a short study on your different options.
No	This case is killing me! 1) I had to get before 10 AM today.
No	This deal is for deliveries to Storage.
No	This e-mail and any attached files may be confidential and subject to attorney/client privilege.
No	This e-mail is to follow up our conversation Friday, June1st regarding a sponsorship for the National Bar Association Convention to be held in Dallas July 28 - August 4, 2001.
No	This email is being sent on behalf of Enotem by Opt-Intelligence, to confirm your opt-in to the Enotem offer on PandaResearch.com at 10:07 PM 06/26/14.
No	This email is powered by GMS (Global Messaging Software) Engine.
No	This form of contract assumes that the equipment will be procurred by the Owner, with the understanding that we have not resolved the issue of the timing of the procurement of the equipment, and how it will be procurred.
No	This free tell-a-friend service is made possible by our sponsors:
No	This has strong support in the track and field community and may be the most important advantage that Houston has over competing cities. John has a 10-minute video he would like to show you that features some very strong endorsements of the Astrodome track and field facility from some of the most important people in track and field worldwide.
No	This idea may not have any merit or you may not have a need around metals.
No	This is a Cyber Monday deal you won&#39;t want to miss.
No	This is a media enriched email.
No	This is a new one for us and they are taking their sweet time on getting the paper work back to us.
No	This is a post-only message, please do not reply.
No	This is a system that I've created, tested, tweaked and fine-tuned to make me over 1k every single day - online...
No	This is freeware.
No	This is really starting to get wierd.
No	This is the most prepared we will have ever been for the weekend.
No	This is the perfect time to start taking paid surveys and I look forward to welcoming you as our newest member!
No	This is very early in development but we have high expectations in this area.
No	This is your opportunity to meet wonderful people, build fulfilling relationships and make a difference in the lives of aging adults and their families.
No	This is your shot to look good while your soaking in the sun enjoying an ice cold summer drink.
No	This isn't the right guy but he can get you to someone - Mike Garred x35488.
No	This issue will be addressed under the section of the Linnton Manufactured Gas Plant.
No	This just did it all for me.
No	This letter addresses our attempts to find a solution to the PCB problem, and that remediation technologies are not presently available to operate effectively at the site given the sites unique characterisstics.
No	This message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments.
No	This might be one of those "let me get Alan to help me for a free lunch" things.
No	This month, we launched a new Premium feature to search inside documents attached to notes, added PDF annotation and new tools in Skitch for fast and friendly feedback, and redesigned Evernote Food for Android to help you remember all the food you love.
No	This project, Entelligence, has been endorsed by Greg Whalley and Jeff Shankman and is currently under development for delivery later this quarter.
No	This should allow us to have another discussion.
No	This special collection has just what you need with entertaining movies like Despicable Me and The Smurfs, and hilarious TV shows such as SpongeBob SquarePants and Phineas and Ferb — all for under $10 each.
No	This support was fully effective with the help of World Bank after a summit meeting in London, on the financial analysis on financial stability issues fluctuating their economy with the international global standard.
No	This tension has given people lots of heartburn.
No	This value should not be given to Sharp unless he bears the cost of the facilities.
No	This was the second e:mail that I had sent to Kim regarding Brent with no reply back.
No	This week I stayed at 52nd and Madison, time before I stayed at either 72 or 77th and Madison.
No	This week on Qwiki, creators carve cat faces onto Halloween pumpkins, we discover the beauty of Hawaii's Lanai Island, and Banksy makes his mark in New York City.
No	This week on Qwiki, we visit New York Fashion Week, fans get up close with Mumford & Sons, and a creator goes cliff diving off Hawaii's Waimea Bay.
No	This weekend you'll earn Double XP on all Multiplayer and Squads play.
No	This will close at midnight tonight.
No	This will let you access your JeeoSuite by entering a friendly url into your web-browser.
No	This workbook has a number of worksheets including: a) pkrs o&m - this details the o&m costs for the sold peakers assuming we own throught Q2 - charged to the OOC; b) driftPrepay - shows the detail as provided netting drift and pre-pay expenses - not all that relevant if you assume that increasing drift will be offset by larger monetizations; c) Summary - overall completed income statement - note that non-external capital charges are added back to reach EBIT; d) commercial income - guts of the commercial budget; e) group expenses - shows the detail on ENA net groups expenses, EIS/ENW/IT non-allocable, corporate charges not allocated to specific commercial groups and bonus/other comp; f) HP&L - takes a cut at HP&L income statement and balance sheet in 2001 assuming a sale by the end of Q2 - this needs some sit down work with Redmond; g) Balance Sheet Allocations - this defines by group the capital employed, assets to be sold and new capital expenditures expected in 2001 - then calculates a net capital and depreciation charge; h) Balance Sheet - this defines the existing balance sheet with no anticipated sales or increases by vehicle (ie) Enserco, JEDI, etc - merchant investments are charged @ a blended rate of 15% and strategic investments are charged @ a blended rate of 9%.
No	This would be included in the section under Commercial Support, added as an additional bullet point beneath the one that addresses Business Analysis and Reporting (I believe that these bullet points are on Page 3 of the draft memo).
No	This year, we're putting the spotlight on you for the chance to perform in front of thousands of screaming fans and open for music star, Chase Rice, while he is on tour promoting his new album,
No	Though you hopefully did not mean to, my feeling were very hurt by your last one and I just cannot deal with that again right now.
No	Though you'll be subject to interest and possible penalty charges for late payment of your taxes, you'll avoid being hit with a late-filing penalty, which runs a steep five percent a month (up to a maximum 25 percent.)
No	Through that hard work, I believe that I have your confidence in my ability to deliver results.
No	Through the following brief survey, I'd like to find out what you love about Fanhattan, and what we need to do more of to earn your love.
No	Tim and I had both had Lee as a professor and I've been talking him about this conference alot and have no problem delivering whatever the news is.
No	Tim: I think this is Rob's new email address.
No	Tim: I've worked hard with these guys to try to make this conference the best that it could be, but it ain't quite there.
No	Time to get back into studying.
No	Tino and Dennis offered DOE 70% of the $$ from the surplus power sales until a certain target is hit (probably a target equivalent to DOE's current PNM rate less 10%) and then 30% of any additional $$.
No	Title: Meeting
No	To claim your offer, reply today so we can help you activate your account before your trial expires.
No	To execute the transition, California should ho ld a competitive solicitation in which competing service providers would bid f or the right to serve segments, or =01&tranches,=018 of utility load.
No	To find out how to add a title, turn the page...If you want to add a title, simply touch the very top of the page.
No	To this end, I have recently studied possible options for reaching the targeted savings.
No	To view your invitation click the web address below or copy and paste it into your web browser: http://www.sendomatic.com/servlets/v?e=61945&u=742518
No	To-Do: K work at Jeffrey's on Sat., 05/28/2011 from 3:45pm - 10:00pm.
No	Today I wanted to give you access to my Home Study Course.
No	Today at TechCrunch Disrupt SF, Naval Ravikant of AngelList, Balaji Srinivasan of genomics startup Counsyl, and Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss took to the stage to discuss all things Bitcoin with…
No	Today we are proud to introduce Business Management Apps that bring you a new way to manage more of your business from a single location.
No	Today we're celebrating our birthday and we want to give you a birthday gift as our way to say thank you :)
No	Today, we are pleased to announce a new revision of our SDK, that brings a massive improvement for use cases such as this one: a new image recognition mode that lets you disable **partial matching**.
No	Today, you have a chance to earn a pack Mr. Clean's Magic Eraser.
No	Together they will execute the visions of the company into reality.
No	Tokatee Falls.
No	Tomorrow and Wednesday are pretty bad, but Thursday and Friday are wide open.
No	Tomorrow: stand with #Manning, #Assange, #WikiLeaks on Cablegate anniversary.
No	Tonight is yoga night.
No	Too bad about the write-off but I did enjoy the LJM story in the WSJ.
No	Top 10 PG&E creditors Bank of New York ($2.2 billion) California Power Exchange ($1.9 billion) Bankers Trust Co. ($1.3 billion) California Independent System Operator ($1.1 billion) Bank of America ($938 million) U.S. Bank ($310 million) Calpine Gilroy Cogeneration ($57 million) Calpine Greenleaf ($49 million) Crocket Cogeneration ($48 million) Calpine King City ($45 million) E-mail David Lazarus at dlazarus@sfchronicle.com.
No	Top posts this week on Google+
No	Touch up your make-up, put a ribbon in your hair > and be > > fresh looking.
No	Tough getting going this morning.
No	Toyota is planning to sell 70,000 Highlanders in calendar year 2001.
No	Trading voicemail with Jessie Knight (trying to get him to appear at the hearing).
No	Trending this week
No	Trey is going to get Playstation 2 once they become available, so you may want to find a game for the new machine.
No	Trey, Unfortunately, I do not know of any position at Enron that would be available.
No	Tried to call, but I think your voicemail is messed up out there today.
No	Tried to leave you a voice mail message, but no one in the office knew how to transfer my call into voice mail.
No	Triple Lutz -- provided support for potential divestiture (e.g., data room, PSA review, direct negotiations with potential buyer, etc.).
No	Twitter helps you stay connected with what's happening right now and with the people and organizations you care about.
No	Two Weeks Of Free Learning At lynda.com
No	Two action items: a) Print out for John - Commercial Income & Summary worksheets for his comment and review & b) Start putting completed commercial packages together for distribution/further comment by the business units in the next couple of weeks - include detailed income statement, headcount, balance sheet (including expected increases,decreases, capital charge and depreciation), leave pages open for goals & objectives and target customer list.
No	UNSUBSCRIBE: If you do not want to receive these alerts use the following link to unsubscribe.
No	Uncle Fern and I are still looking to come back to NJ, so my dream plan this summer would be to move back.... Other than that we’ll be indoors a lot.
No	Unclear to me whether this approach would give the power plant optimal access to the power grid for sales of surplus power.
No	Under the NM statute, we may get 6 years worth of recovery ( or more, I guess, if they did something to toll the SOL).
No	Unfortunately I am not going to be able to accept your generous offer to attend the Indy 500.
No	Unfortunately we have a lot of late nights waiting on systems - like we are right now.
No	Unfortunately, I need to reschedule.
No	Unfortunately, Sally is not available on Thursday either - she will be at the Enron Management conference in San Antonio Thursday & Friday.
No	Unfortunately, do to Mr. Lay's schedule he will not be able to participate.
No	Unfortunately, her recent health problems will curtail her involvement going forward.
No	Union is treated as a synthetic storage on Sithe, so we do not keep inventory profit schedules.
No	Up to 30% Off Furniture at Target! Offer Ends 7/12.
No	Update your email preferences to make sure you receive the messages you want to receive.
No	Updated: Thursday, January 25, 2001 08:36 AM?ET ?Email this article to a friend!
No	Upin looks to Ariba and i2 Technologies as examples of companies that are actually delivering.
No	Urturn, 1-3 Rivington Street, Shoreditch, London EC2A 3DT
No	Via a US Controller - will plan and manage the US Budget for expenses and payroll.
No	Via.Me is a limited time promotion, get it while it is free and earn 700 AppRedeem points towards Gift Codes and Cash from Amazon, Starbucks, Xbox, PayPal and many others!
No	Viggy, did we get the info from our briefing on the matrix to the no-shows like Steve Harris and John Dushinske (and Bob if he was a no show?)
No	Vote as many times as you want until Sept. 11 and help make someone's dream come true - the winner will open for Montgomery Gentry in Richmond, Va on Thursday, September 19th!
No	WEEK OF 10/16
No	Wallace has carefully prepared her material.
No	Wanted to get the date on your calendar, however.
No	We (kids and me) will not eat until we get home, but it will be ready when you get home.
No	We all know that this can be almost impossible on EPNG, but because of the current price levels at Socal and the basins, Enron needs to call each customer and notify them of their cuts with an explanation of the pipeline cuts each day to avoid any potential penalties.
No	We also maintain reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable laws and regulations to protect your nonpublic personal information.
No	We are continuing to handle month end close, and get all volumes scheduled daily.
No	We are continuously receiving new positions for qualified technical professionals, so check back frequently.
No	We are getting considerable traction with the idea of using a "benchmark" to judge utility purchases, similar in concept to what's in place on the gas side.
No	We are getting considerable traction with the idea of using a benchmark to judge utility purchases, similar in concept to what's in place on the gas side.
No	We are going to JasonTidwell's wededding in Galveston Saturday - it starts at 6 p.m.
No	We are hoping that your schedule will be open between the days of Tues.
No	We are looking forward to you presenting at the conference.
No	We are not prepared to pay the suppliers for July.
No	We are now flying out after the meeting on Friday on the company plane.
No	We are out on Thursday afternoon.
No	We are running out of time to finalize the budgeting process.
No	We are sending you by messenger today a subpoena that we received last night asking that you produce documents and appear to give testimony before the SEC.
No	We are still together.
No	We are supposed to leave tomorrow.
No	We are usually extremely busy during bidweek and we will be short handed.
No	We are waiting to see if I'm going to be in town on Thursday to make plans.
No	We are working on a term sheet, and I will be in NYC later this week to continue negotations with the customer.
No	We are working on the PPA tomorrow.
No	We at Options are committed to providing you with tools and information you can use to help make informed decisions about indoor air quality (IAQ) and your business.
No	We can help you find the best rates on your health insurance, no matter your age.
No	We can help you make $2500 from home this month...
No	We can help.
No	We can't wait to send the daily updates on Coupons you want via email, so please click the following link to activate your subscription immediately:
No	We can't wait to send the updates you want via email, so please click the following link to activate your subscription immediately:
No	We did not get out early last night.
No	We did not get this info., so Sitara was not adjusted.
No	We discussed this with Mike last night.
No	We do have a monthly fee of $16,000 that we are receiving from Bridgeline that, while small, you could include in our revenue line to date.
No	We do have a project entity to use, and Accounting (and Global Finace) have been involved on the MTM and off balance sheet issues.
No	We finally got your postcards this week.
No	We find out next week what we are having...can't wait.
No	We got a list of questions on various Online Trading issues from the Products Control Group which appears to be the group the will be managing the Online Trading HelpDesk.
No	We have a few seats available and would like to offer you $150 off the regular seminar price.
No	We have a noon appointment with John Foster THIS Wednesday.
No	We have been able to grant a limited number of these requests in the past, and would now like to make this opportunity somewhat more widely available to the producers.
No	We have checked with our department and our lawyers are not aware of any such contracts as you described in your e-mail.
No	We have discussed this before but I think this is important to send out and 20 officially address.
No	We have given my time and the resources from the group.
No	We have identified three options: Amend AB1X The amendments, which are attached to this email, would clarify that a) the 20 PUC would accept as =01&prudent and reasonable=018 all purchase costs incur red by DWR, and b) the PUC is obligated to include in rates the charges necessary to ensure that DWR fully recovers its costs of power purchases.
No	We have it in as 2,500, as you do in this e-mail.
No	We have made substantial progress over the past few months, and as such, we’d like to invite you to try a demo of our smart email organizer online.
No	We have some grand ideas and need only your name and influence to make this a successful evening for TUTS!You and your wife may be as involved or not involved as you like!We would like to top the funds raised by this current year's event that was Co -Chaired by Chuck and Kim Watson .They helped TUTS to raise over $350,000.
No	We have the new guys up and running and hope to really make some things happen from here on out.
No	We have tried to combine the presentation with another recruiting trip, but we have to many conflicting schedules.
No	We heard from many of you regarding the financial hardship this shut down may cause Schultz area producers while a gas delivery alternative was being constructed.
No	We hope you enjoy and come back to us anytime.
No	We hope you enjoy our new Application!
No	We know life can get hectic and that's where we can help.
No	We leave the choice to you, because we are available either night...
No	We like to think of GitHub as the best way to build and ship software, and it's great to have you on board!
No	We look forward to finding out which apps you know and love, and welcome you on a journey of app discovery.
No	We make no representation or warranty as to the absence of viruses in this e-mail or any attachments.
No	We may send this out a couple of days late.
No	We ought to talk to Lou to make sure we have the latest info as I haven't talked to him since Thursday.
No	We received your 2014-07-01 21:35:53 application, and want to help you with your financial needs.
No	We remain committed to serving producers throughout the Appalachian Basin and hope this operating decision addresses the concerns voiced by you.
No	We remain excited and optimistic about the possibilities of a joint project.
No	We request that you review and submit your membership documents electronically in order to expedite your proposal approval process and to avoid any creditor delays.
No	We seemed to have brought it back here this week as we are really having spring weather.
No	We should be back next week, though.
No	We should definitely set up a time to grab dinner, coffee, anything - i would really love that.
No	We should not have to give another full blown session in the future.
No	We sincerely do apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you and your users and expect to have this service restored as soon as possible.
No	We still haven't pulled the trigger on arbitration of the OneOk imbalance (the measurement issue) but we are getting closer.
No	We understand you'd like to change your password.
No	We want to have an internal conference call at 330 (instato discuss the enovate intercompany loans, and address any issues raised by the Enron commercial/financial team.
No	We want to help you get the most from the exciting world of eReading.
No	We want to help you understand your credit history and improve your knowledge about your credit score, and we hope you'll use your free trial membership to take advantage of the many benefits
No	We want to personally thank you for agreeing to join the Energy Committee of the C.T. Bauer College of Business Dean's Advisory Board (Current Committee Members Attached).
No	We went into the FERC proceeding believing that the Chief ALJ was not likely to give us a good decision.
No	We were also only able to get in our 80% of nominations with NWPL's help, as they extended the nomination deadline for us.
No	We were just up to our ears in a project that had to go out on the Wednesday following Labor Day.
No	We will be sure to get this informaiton to you by Friday of this week, so that you can provide Mark with a copy when he is in the London office on Monday.
No	We will let you know when you can apply for the private or public beta testing.
No	We will make sure that the deals are on the correct counterparty (North or South)
No	We will pay all of those people's expenses and of course the business leaders will be on board with the hiring and the weather guys will 20 be expected to be a valuable team player and resource to their group.
No	We will see if Auburn is for real this weekend.
No	We would also like to invite this person to an informal dinner on the previous evening, Monday 5 November at 19.30, at the Hotel Beau-Rivage in Geneva (13 quai du Mont-Blanc, 1201 Geneva, Tel.
No	We would do this to the extent Judy could get the capacity.
No	We would like to offer you 7 FREE days of Anywhere Access Pack ,our most popular feature!
No	We would propose lifting the cap through amendment s to SB27X, which is designed to facilitate development of distributed generation.
No	We'd like to introduce you to our Home Job Search Engine.
No	We'd like to share with you a few things that are brand spankin' new:
No	We'll be prepared to help in away way you see fit.)
No	We'll be sending out shortly a follow-up email with directions to the Tremont Hotel in Galveston and the agenda.
No	We'll just get through this day and start over tomorrow.
No	We're going to try (fingers crossed) to leave tomorrow afternoon.
No	We've grown very quickly these last few weeks and have been listening to feedback and working feverishly on making Opuss an even better place to write, read and share.
No	We've tried to tell everyone but I bet you still get phonecalls until we are out of it.
No	Wednesday, August 2nd, change to Continental flight no.
No	Weekend in Rotterdam marta_blogdiviaggi $LINK
No	Well, I didn't get this out to you before I left the office last night.
No	We’d like to continue sending you important information about your credit report, but only if you want us to.
No	We’d like to invite you to be one of the first to try it, so we’re giving you early access to the iWork for iCloud beta.
No	We’re excited to report that you can now access your entire address book from Ringya in addition to your Rings…making Ringya THE place for reaching everyone you need to contact!
No	What do I get if I break the chain?
No	What do you hear from Ben? Anthony called me last week, just to chat.
No	What do your January memories look like?
No	What made it worse was the freezing weather coming in.
No	What other topics would you like to read on Dygest?
No	What time is dinner by the way.
No	What's a dealerboard.
No	When I went back to make my final additions to the list, the systerm was already closed--Paul had approved the first round, which I guess shuts it down.
No	When this is complete, I'd like to send to the larger distribution list.
No	When we get a weather report for the new day, we enter the projected low temp and the spread into the file.
No	When we talked about me speaking at the conference in Nov. Enron's management conference had not yet been scheduled.
No	When you download the utipulp' s statistics, you always get the historical statistics.
No	When you interview for a job, you will answer the same questions almost ever time you discuss the position with the hiring manager.
No	When your friends see your note, they can pray for you and comment to give encouragement.
No	Where do you want to go?
No	Where is my free lunch and my New Power golf shirt?
No	Whether reading an email that reminds you to schedule a family get-together or finding a favorite video that you want to share, we want to ensure you can move across Gmail, Calendar, Search, YouTube, or whatever your life calls for with ease.
No	Whether you are at a friend's house or an internet cafe, your personal web portal lets you view your files quickly and easily.
No	Whether you're reading an email that reminds you to schedule a family get-together or finding a favorite video that you want to share, we want to ensure you can move across Gmail, Calendar, Search, YouTube, or whatever your life calls for with ease.
No	White House officials said they don't discuss such allegations.
No	Why we love this trend: not just reserved for sneakers, laced-up looks are an effortless way to transition your style from summer to fall.
No	Will be a key player in determining the budget and sales planning (P&L) of the company for Sales and Services Monitor and control all sales reports, professional service reports to achieve P&L objectives.
No	Will email to you within hour.
No	With my recent travel, I am days (maybe weeks) behind on e:mail.
No	With so many people putting their names into the raffle, you might want to hurry if you want your own entry!
No	With technology-laden, electricity-hungry companies popping up every time you turn around, and blackouts and brownouts occurring more frequently as large power grids are becoming less reliable, the analyst points towards distributed energy services as a possible solution, and maybe the "next big investment opportunity for the coming decade."
No	With technology-laden, electricity-hungry companies popping up every time you turn around, and blackouts and brownouts occurring more frequently as large power grids are becoming less reliable, the analyst points towards distributed energy services as a possible solution, and maybe the next big investment opportunity for the coming decade.
No	With the number of impact players available in the NBA draft somewhere between few and none, this year's selections will be based on the potential of the underclassmen and the needs of the teams.
No	With the same powerful drawing, inking painting, coloring and illustration features, Manga Studio 5 will let you get started creating comics, manga and illustrations even on a budget.
No	With the winter chill nipping at your toes, now is the perfect time to stay indoors and add the finishing touches to those special Momento projects you've been creating.
No	With this server upgrade, we hope to provide a much better, faster and reliable service to our customers in the coming year.
No	Within the next 3 business days (M-F) you will receive another email that will include your Order Number(s).
No	Women's Sanctuary Jacket , originally $130, is now $71.99, the lowest price we can find by $6.
No	Working for Parakweet on products such as BookVibe strikes me as the perfect opportunity to utilize my passion for writing and reading, while connecting others to a broader world of literature.
No	Worst case scenario - you earn half of what he did and make $10k in your first four weeks.
No	Ye Lin Kyaw suggests you add Chit Lay as a friend on Facebook.
No	Yes, I'll get to Mike Day.
No	Yes, but I would say that the $200,000/mo during the winter is related to an HPL discount on Transport given to the marketing desk in order to make the deal more economical.
No	Yes, lets continue to have the pre-meetings formerly known as Mike's every Mon. at 8:30 (pls put on my calendar Emily).
No	You are forwarding these messages to the wrong Dana Davis.
No	You are scheduled to address the group as follows:
No	You can also check with Volume Management to see if they have any info regarding the allocation of the point.
No	You can link directly to our research page, which features synopses of broker and free reports, and you can also register for the Morgan Stanley trial by clicking on the Morgan Stanley logo, here: http://www.multexinvestor.com/article.asp?docid=6868&nd=0207
No	You can now tag your friends in your status or post.
No	You can select "always send nom" in MOPS to get this to come over in POPS.
No	You can select always send nom in MOPS to get this to come over in POPS.
No	You can select your favorite genre, from Pop to Rock, Hip-Hop and more and tap on the Genre Tuner if you want to refine your selection to choose a more specific subgenre like Hot in Pop, Hard Rock or East Coast.
No	You can start using it 15 minutes from now!
No	You can unsubscribe yourself from the panel by clicking on 'unsubscribe' in the footer Start Survey&nbsp;&raquo;Time : 3 Minutes Points : 100Balance : 80&nbsp; SurveyAnalytics&nbsp;|&nbsp;3518 Fremont Ave N #598&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;Seattle&nbsp;|&nbsp;WA&nbsp;|&nbsp;98103&nbsp;|&nbsp;United States Unsubscribe Powered By SurveyAnalytics
No	You can't pat a voicemail on the back.
No	You did a fantastic job under the circumstances and given the time constraints.
No	You did a great job of pulling it together.
No	You hated that e-mail didn't you?
No	You have 1 friend with a birthday in the next week.
No	You have to be able to discuss issues which may be complicated, contentious or sensitive.
No	You like to SAVE, know a GREAT deal when you see one, and love BIG opportunities to win... with this in mind, we've got something special in store for you!
No	You make the request for an installment agreement when you file your completed tax return using Form 9465, "Installment Agreement Request."
No	You make the request for an installment agreement when you file your completed tax return using Form 9465, Installment Agreement Request.
No	You may also be receiving this email if you reset your password since your last purchase.
No	You may not have the attendance you prefer, but I don't oppose moving the Gas Accord talks forward.
No	You might at least put a contact name and number on these things if you are going to continue to send these out before the system is fixed.
No	You now have the opportunity to enjoy the benefits that more than 3,500 customers are currently experiencing through this special offer.
No	You seemed in pretty good spirits on Tuesday, though I guess that could have partially been due to the big celebration over getting your first ticket.
No	You want to avert your eyes, but you can't turn away...
No	You want to take a quick note - but it's too much to type.
No	You will like him and he will be a very valuable resource to add to the team - even if it is for a couple of weeks.
No	You will probably get an invitation to the wedding.
No	You will receive additional ship confirmation e-mails if not all items in your order show they have shipped.
No	You'll note in the language developed by the coalition that the proposal strikes a reasonable balance between the Dept of Finance's concerns about recouping DWR's costs of buying power, and the need to give consumers and businesses maximum flexible in managing their energy costs.
No	Young_3600@msn.com <mailto:Young_3600@msn.com> ( underscore between young and 3600)
No	Your Straight Talk service ends tomorrow, 06-30-14.
No	Your daily catch-up for Sun, 1 Dec 2013
No	Your free account lets you manage 5 free transactions* in a 30 day window.
No	Your free account lets you send out 5 free documents for signature.
No	Your home information is important in case the Company needs to forward critical materials to you or contact you regarding important Company information.
No	Your phone is not going to voicemail so I can't leave a message.
No	Your plate is more full than mine (I just ate at the luncheon, and I'm thinking in food metaphors.)
No	Zapier can help you eliminate all those pesky tasks your web services don't support.
No	and you want to be able to create a profit
No	eBay Inc. sent this e-mail to you at hannahfay321@gmail.com because your Notification Preferences indicate that you want to receive general email promotions.
No	iPhone:•Your top skill endorsements are now on your mobile profile, so you can showcase your professional best!
No	jude, you submitted a Auto insurance quote, but we can help you save on much more than Auto insurance.
No	null can now play!
No	o Crate or Carrier-- If you want to travel with your pet, invest in a plastic carrier, they’re safer for different modes of travel, such as transporting your pet via air.
No	viadeoHello,On Sunday 29 April 2012, Tonyrull Tonyrull sent you an invitation to join their network.Viadeo will help you to:find your contacts and meet other professionalsbuild your online reputationfind a job or recruitThank you,The Viadeo Team.Accept Tonyrull's invitationMessage from Tonyrull TonyrullIf you no longer want to receive invitations to join Viadeo: Unsubscribe
No	you can unsub if you want these emails to discontinue $LINK
No	⑴ Select the text to which you want to add bullets or numbering.
No	• Portland, ME: January 31, 2013
Yes	-If you want others to help manage your channel, you can add up to 50 people without sharing your password.
Yes	3. Select the services that you want to add.
Yes	Also want to talk about your voicemail last night--i.e., I may need to travel with KL, which is fine by me if that's necessary.
Yes	Also, to be sure that you always receive any emails with important loan information, please add info@info.offerstuff.com
Yes	And if there's anything else I can do re: your meeting on Monday, don't hesitate.
Yes	And there's no need to pay for individual tracks - you can listen all you want.
Yes	Apply for a job at AVON today.
Yes	Apply for a job at Joe's Crab Shack today.
Yes	Are there other presentations that would useful to look at in preparation for the talk?
Yes	As it is a strange and unfamiliar ground for some of us, I thought it appropriate to invite you, on behalf of my brothers, Mohamed and Abdullah, and myself, for a small closed cocktail reception Xenel is holding on Thursday, 31st January at Waldorf Towers between 7.00 pm and 9.45 pm to meet with you to exchange views early on the session.
Yes	Attached, please find my resume, and please let me know if I can provide any further materials.
Yes	Bowen called, and unless he has to schedule a call with a judge from Texas at the same time, we're on for 9:30 AM.
Yes	But Rory (who by the way is responsible for this mess!) now has decided that he'd like to do a Xmas make up on the 29th, which is smack dab in the middle of when we'll be up at the dome (tween xmas and new year's--hopefully you and eldon will join us so we can kick yer butts in spades).
Yes	Call me at (713) 853-6895 to discuss in further detail.
Yes	Check out MSIA on the Nasdaq OTC board.
Yes	Check out the most popular, trending, and liked prezis this week:
Yes	Chris, when did BP Amoco get involved?
Yes	Dick, you are doing the right things - if you run into timing issues in the future do not hesitate to give me a call directly.
Yes	Did Pam do some due diligence for you before sending this e:mail so that you know this date and time works for everyone?
Yes	Do not discuss this with anyone at CES or EES please.
Yes	Do not in any event abandon any assets at any time.
Yes	Don't hesitate to call and discuss further the hard lessons that I sent you.
Yes	Don't make any changes for now.
Yes	Download it from the Apple App Store to share data with me today!
Yes	Download it today from the App Store and prepare to receive great Qwiqq coupon offers from your favorite merchants!
Yes	Dupree Diamond @DupreeDiamond2 @ben_wiggin i just need something so i can get messages 01:33 AM - 26 Jun 14
Yes	Finish process now to receive the deposit immediately.
Yes	For additional help, don't hesitate to visit $LINK
Yes	For customer service, questions or feedback, please $LINK contact us .
Yes	For specific dates, hotels and other information, call 412-279-9298 or visit http://www.pgsenergy.com/schedule.html
Yes	For support requests, please contact us by going to our support page > $LINK
Yes	George DeMontrond, Susan Bandy (the Houston 2012 Exec Director) and I would very much appreciate 15 minutes or so of your time to update you on Houston's bid efforts and discuss your potential participation in the upcoming site visit.
Yes	Given that Sue is going to be back on Tuesday, you may want to coordinate drafting duties with her.
Yes	Here's some stuff for us to discuss.
Yes	Hi, Take a minute and check out gDocuments in the App Store, I think you will like it.
Yes	Hi, Take a minute and check out iFiles in the App Store, I think you will like it.
Yes	Hi: please add $4 of tolls for each day that I went to Sac this week.
Yes	Holly called and she has a table to fill at an awards banquet (some women's professional group or something) and wants to know if you want to join us.
Yes	How's Tues, may 1, or wed may 2, work for dinner?
Yes	I am available to help in any way I can, so please don't hesitate to call if you have questions: 978/281-0744.
Yes	I do have a one quick question.... My sources indicate that Enron has agreed to place a Megawatt-Daily Cinergy Hourly product on EOL within 2 weeks.
Yes	I know that you are extremely busy at this time but maybe next week I could come to Houston and we could find some time to meet.
Yes	I need your Drivers License # & expirary date for compliance purposes since Sept. 11 to make sure you are not a terrorist or $ launder.
Yes	I noticed your Desk.com trial has ended and I would like to get your feedback, including a different pricing option.
Yes	I think it may be appropriate for both of you to join us.
Yes	I would like 4 tickets for the Houston open, If available please sent to 31st floor, location 3117d.
Yes	I'll send you the final doc's so we can discuss.
Yes	I'll take you/him up on the offer to get together while he's here.
Yes	I'm here today (wasn't yesterday) and will be happy to discuss it with you.
Yes	If at any time you no longer wish to receive your weekly forecast, you can simply click here or send a letter to me at 167 Cherry St. PMB 292, Milford, CT 06460-3400, and I will stop emailing them to you.
Yes	If not clickable, please copy and paste the address to your browser:
Yes	If there are any problems, or if you have any questions, don't hesitate to give me a call.
Yes	If you are having trouble viewing the above web address, visit http://www.sendomatic.com/servlets/l?u=mike.carson@enron.com and create an account to view the events you have received.
Yes	If you click the link below, we will take you to a page that has further directions for changing or recovering your password.
Yes	If you could please let us know where that stands, or if you have any feedback and/or questions it would be greatly appreciated.
Yes	If you have any comments or questions you would like to discuss, please do not hesitate to call me at (713) 853-3399, Mike at (713) 345-4079 or Bob Shults at (713) 853-0397.
Yes	If you have any questions at all, or would like to discuss your presentation in more detail, please do not hesitate to give me a call or drop me an email.
Yes	If you have any questions or comments do not hesitate to give me a call.
Yes	If you have any questions please call me and we can discuss.
Yes	If you have any questions regarding your job offer from Enron while you are on vacation, please give me a call.
Yes	If you have any questions, comments or suggestions please feel free to get in touch with me any time by replying to this email and if you haven't had a chance to see the new site, go to $LINK
Yes	If you have any questions, don't hestitate to get in touch.
Yes	If you have any questions, e-mail us 24 hours a day, 7 days a week at support@datek.com or call us, weekdays 8 AM - midnight and weekends 9 AM - 7 PM Eastern Standard Time at 1-800-U2DATEK.
Yes	If you have questions about visa processing and renewals, please refer to the visa tool on RCLCrewTravel.
Yes	If you have received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete all copies of the message.
Yes	If you want to cancel your account, go to: $LINK
Yes	If you would be interested in pursuing any joint projects, please don't hesitate to let me know.
Yes	If you would like to help us beta test our Exchange support visit $LINK add your contact info and we'll turn Exchange support on for you to thank you for your help.
Yes	If you'd like to review your policy or make any additional updates, simply log into your policy anytime using your email address and password at:
Yes	If you'd like to stop getting announcement emails, click below:
Yes	If you'r open tomorrow (Sunday), I'll call you then.
Yes	If you're still in the market for a new company, we'd love for you to join our family.
Yes	If you're still tanning, and still up for lunch, I'm game.
Yes	If you're unsure which loan type or program is right for you or what the next step is, click to call now.
Yes	If you, Dean Powers, or your staffs would like to discuss the ideas in the letter or our thoughts about possible additions to the Enron board please do not hesitate to contact me or my colleague Bill Patterson.
Yes	If your AppJoy crashes right after you open it, YOU MUST RESTART YOUR iPhone/iPod Touch or iPad, THEN OPEN APPJOY AGAIN.
Yes	If your email does not support this web version, please subscribe to the free text version by writing subscribe@enerfax.com
Yes	If you’d like more time to discover Spotify Premium, click the button to enjoy another 30 days on your device for free.
Yes	If you’re not interested, click here: No, I do not want to receive emails about understanding my credit report.
Yes	Is Friday better for you guys?
Yes	It may be worthwhile for us to have a quick phone call to discuss.
Yes	It would be great to meet you when you come to Houston.
Yes	It's time for our regular Friday evening email chat!
Yes	Janet, it may be in your personal interest to ensure that a number of witnesses are available to ensure the message is delivered and there is not confusion in the future.
Yes	Keep these names, and I'll keep you posted on who to schedule with him.
Yes	LaRence, Please note interview schedule below.
Yes	Last but not least, if you run a website, checkout our provider API to see how you can integrate your website with Boxcar!
Yes	Launch now and add some Tempo to your busy schedule!
Yes	Learn more Fotolink helps you manage all your photos on Facebook.
Yes	Learn more at our next webinar: Extracting Insights from Corporate Social Data Sources, on Thursday June 20.
Yes	Looks like 230 today is good for all three of us re: option issues.
Yes	Lou, please give me a call if you have any questions about this lady.
Yes	Make sure you don't miss out on any Pizza Hut specials, please add ' mailto:pizzahut@pizzahutoffers.com
Yes	May I get a copy of all the invoices we sent CES for January please.
Yes	Monday, October 8, 2001 Dear Ken: I am writing to request a meeting with you during the month of November.
Yes	Need some friends who would like to chat!!!
Yes	Please add Carey Metz to our bidweek index survey spreadsheet.
Yes	Please add Cottonelle@enews-cottonelle.com to your safe sender list to ensure that you will receive our emails.
Yes	Please add Tricia Spence to this email.
Yes	Please be advised that the suspension date contained in H-7 can and probably will be changed before the orders are considered at the CPUC meeting on Sept. 20.
Yes	Please be informed that I will not be attending tomorrow's activities @ 2pm.
Yes	Please call me if you have any comments, as I want to send it out tonight.
Yes	Please contact us directly 24/7 via helpme@moshimonsters.com.
Yes	Please contact us if you need to discuss the resolution.
Yes	Please contact us with any feature suggestions you may have.
Yes	Please do not hesitate to contact m e if you would like to discuss these materials further, or if there is anythi ng else that I can do to assist you.
Yes	Please do not reply to this e-mail for any other reason, as we're unable to respond from this address.
Yes	Please do not respond to this message for customer service issues, as the address used to send this message does not accept mail.
Yes	Please don't hesitate to call me if you come in for a meeting, it would be great to see you again.
Yes	Please don't hesitate to give me a call if you'd like to discuss further.
Yes	Please don't hesitate to give the conference call number to Mike or others that are interested in a coordinated/joint response.
Yes	Please feel free to call me at (713) 853-6544 if you have any questions.
Yes	Please feel free to install the pc and monitors on Thursday or Friday.
Yes	Please find below SCE's proposal to settle past Direct Access Credit issues and determine the Direct Access Credit going forward.
Yes	Please let me know if it meets 20 with your approval.
Yes	Please let me know if you have 10-15 minutes for a quick call or simply reply to this email with your feedback. 
Yes	Please let me know what time works best for you and thank you very much for your time.
Yes	Please note that the application you have installed is the full version.
Yes	Please note that to ensure regulatory compliance and for the protection of our customers and business, we may monitor and read e-mails sent to and from our server(s).
Yes	Please print, review, sign and, if possible,get it notarized (if impossible, let me know.)
Yes	Pre-order your iPhone 5c today and get free delivery.*
Yes	Remember that Karen reads all my mail so don't send anything too personal.
Yes	Rick , good result in California so far - what is the status of our plan for New England ICAP issues?
Yes	Send us an email and we would be happy to call your loved one and let them know a little bird told us so!
Yes	Shop now and get free standard ground shipping on any purchase of $35 or more!
Yes	Shop our collection of cozy slippers for the family starting at $8.99 and take $10 off any online purchase of $50 or more* with coupon code ZZWREATH through Sunday, December 8th, 2013.
Yes	Shop the latest styles during our biggest sale and save 1/2 off your second item of equal or lesser value, through Monday, November 11th.*
Yes	Shop the latest styles during our biggest sale and save 1/2 off your second item of equal or lesser value, through Wednesday, September 25th.
Yes	Should you have any questions or require additional information, please feel free to contact me via telephone at (415)244-6094 or via email JinRides@gmail.com.
Yes	Should you have any questions, feel free to contact me at (713) 853-5707.
Yes	Simply use the link below to compare health plans now:
Yes	Since I get everything that you forward, you may remove me from you distribution list.
Yes	So I can get an update on that when we talk tomorrow.
Yes	Some email can not read our web mail, please write enerfaxgold-subscribe@egroups.com to subscribe to the identical email in a text format.
Yes	Spend smarter this June after you authorize a MasterCard with a limit of up to $3,000.
Yes	Talk to Susan about joining the group.
Yes	The Tuesday game's at 7:30, but thought it'd be nice to see an early game.
Yes	The deadline for completion of Houston's bid to become home to USA Baseball is the end of September, so we would like to meet with you at your convenience by September 25, if at all possible.
Yes	The rates on the attached spreadsheet would provide full cost recovery only after the project is fully subscribed, right?
Yes	They are going to remove this page soon so get it from here now before they take it away forever!
Yes	Think about items like that and lets discuss.
Yes	Thursday, usual time?
Yes	To continue using Handheld Contact for ACT! after your 14 day trial, visit $LINK to subscribe.
Yes	To participate now, click here $LINK
Yes	To protect your privacy, please confirm your email address by clicking here: Click here to activate and login!
Yes	To reset your password, please visit the url below:
Yes	To see how we treat your information, please review our privacy policy.
Yes	To see this email, please view the HTML version.
Yes	To visit your member page and earn rewards by completing surveys, please use the link below at any time:
Yes	Twanda, would you please check my calendar and book me yes if I am available?
Yes	Twitter 1.1 version update.2) Tumblr error modify.You can take funny pictures in the Magic Hour, please look separately with friends Share SNS in a variety of photos taken.All, it was MagicHour team to strive for an enjoyable life photo of you always.Thank you.
Yes	Upgrade to premium for only $1.55 and start a new romance today.
Yes	Ur daddy left the ph n the truck cal me asap
Yes	Use Localmind to connect to people on the ground and find _what's really happening_ anywhere you want to go.
Yes	Use this link to to join MOS Coaching Club today:
Yes	Use your free listings and subtitles to reach Halloween shoppers now.
Yes	Visit Dating for Hippies today and take advantage of our Flag Day deal.
Yes	We do not have recorded in the financial statements the $8M Cdn in done deals - you may want to look into that.
Yes	We want the data to be as good as possible.
Yes	We've made about a zillion improvements to the app and we have some really exciting new features and benefits to share with you, so could you please click the link below to re-confirm that it's still OK to keep in touch?
Yes	What about lunch tomorrow (we're all in the city), or at 5 PM (before the ball game)?
Yes	When are we going to start practicing for the A&M/UT FF Tourney - we need to get a team together and start practicing.
Yes	When you get a minute tomorrow page me (I'm mobile this week) and we can talk.
Yes	With Sue coming back on Tuesday, and in the spirt of our gropes, it might be useful to discuss as a group prior to charging ahead.
Yes	You available to talk today?
Yes	Your feedback is very important to us so if you would like to contact us with a question or comment, please click here:
Yes	 viadeo   Invitation   Hello,I would like to invite you to join my network of contacts.Kind regards,Tonyrull TonyrullYangon, hdj Confirm that you know Tonyrull  Message from Tonyrull Tonyrull   If you no longer want to receive invitations to join Viadeo: Unsubscribe 
Yes	Should you not be able to call me, then I will send you a short memorandum about the situation on Monday.
Yes	If you want to contact him, I'd wait 5-10 minutes and give him a call on his cell phone.
Yes	Let's sum up what you should remember about this offer:
Yes	Please contact Cathy Phillips (X-36898) and let her know if you are interested in attending.
Yes	Also, I need to know the nature of the confidential information you are discussing so we can protect the information being discussed.
Yes	Also, please let Lisa Bills know where we will be meeting, as she is planning on coming late to the meeting.
Yes	And we would love for Mr. Lay to stay for dinner - is this doable?
Yes	And why would you explode jars of paint?
Yes	And, if you want to learn more about how we show you interesting, relevant ads, or how cookies and similar technologies help us do so, please visit our Ads and Cookies pages.
Yes	Are you available that date?
Yes	Are you available?
Yes	Be assured that any information we discuss will be completely confidential.
Yes	Below please find the requirement for China Visa.
Yes	Bruce: I am tied up for lunch, but let's get together during the day on Monday or Tuesday.
Yes	But if you have any time constraints or want to make sure you have plenty of time for integration, the beta will be available for you.
Yes	Call whenever you'd like to discuss the call (that Palmer forgot to tell you about).
Yes	Can we invite him (the son, not the professor) to a Super Saturday?
Yes	Danny and Phil: Please follow-up with Vince if you have an interest in meeting with Peter.
Yes	Did you get my message about my parking tag?
Yes	Did you make it to earth day?
Yes	Did you respond to the Haas address?
Yes	Did you see on the news last night that they arrested 44 people for participating in that pyramid scheme you were telling me about?
Yes	Do you have any idea how long it will be before I get a replacement?
Yes	Do you know if this has been addressed?
Yes	Do you know if we are meeting on Monday?
Yes	Don't forget to chat with VNG about Nabisco.
Yes	Even if you are still unsure about returning, please call us now to select YES as your returning status.
Yes	Here’s a selection of books we think you’ll love, along with a few readers we’d like you to meet.
Yes	Hey Jeff - I'm still wondering if my last email made it through.
Yes	I am sure that you are all "talked out" about it, but if you need an empathetic ear, give me a buzz.
Yes	I did call and got credit on my bill, it doesnt just show up u need to make the call and they ask u how many days u were out I told them to fri and got 28.00 credit
Yes	I don't want to approve any further investments until we have had such a discussion.
Yes	I saw that you had recently started looking into moving over to Egnyte, I would love to discuss some of the details of your current situation so that I can help get you up and going as quickly as possible with the features here at Egnyte that will best meet your current needs!
Yes	I wanted to follow up on our conversatian regarding the in house counsel that you may know.
Yes	I was wondering if I could get some information on the Costilla deal, specifically the repurchase option.
Yes	I will be getting the schedule after work on Friday and will call and let you know when and where our games will be.
Yes	I will call you tomorrow after I talk with Sheri - should be by 11:00 am.
Yes	If I don't make chanages, I will call you Friday afternoon after landing and let you know that.
Yes	If not by e-mail, is it something that can be faxed?
Yes	If not, I'd love to hear what we are doing wrong and how we could improve our Google Apps integrations to be more valuable to you.
Yes	If you did, please let me know how to improve my application to make you want to use it again, I value my users and I'm always happy to receive feedback.
Yes	If you don’t want to agree to arbitration, you can easily opt out via an online form, within 30-days of these Terms becoming effective.
Yes	If you don’t want to keep your account open, you can cancel any time during your free trial or simply let the trial expire.
Yes	If you experience any problems that you cannot resolve, please visit our support site at $LINK
Yes	If you fit the above description and meet the requirements, please apply to this ad stating your location.
Yes	If you have a question about your health or a procedure, call your healthcare professional directly.
Yes	If you have any big ticket items you can plan for this school year, like a laptop, a scientific calculator, or new uniforms, you may want to add the items to your Wish List to ensure you’re on the right track with your savings to account for these special purchases.
Yes	If you have any issues upgrading or difficulties with the new features, we're happy to help.
Yes	If you have any other problems, please reopen this ticket.
Yes	If you have any problem with the link, please copy the url below and paste it on your browser.
Yes	If you have any question regarding PCHLotto, please visit the PCHlotto .com:
Yes	If you have any thoughts on how to improve our service, please email us at: support@proven.com.
Yes	If you prefer to purchase online, please Buy Now >> $LINK
Yes	Let me know how it goes!
Yes	Let me know if that can be arranged.
Yes	Mario, can you tell me where to look for a GOOD pizza dough recipe?”
Yes	No- I'm meeting w/ Bradford at 11 to discuss.
Yes	Please call 1-877-428-5608 to speak with a support representative.
Yes	Please give us a call at (855) 962-3621 or reply to this email.
Yes	Please go here to complete your information and see if you qualify for financial aid.
Yes	Please provide me with an invite for Google+ App for iPhone4.
Yes	Please quote your order reference number if you wish to contact us about this order.
Yes	Please schedule this candidate for an interview.
Yes	Please send us an email if you have any problems during signup.
Yes	Scott will tell John Singer we need to get out of this capacity.
Yes	That said, that may not be important for you and you won't mind sending me dollars.
Yes	Therefore, please prepare a list of site specific issues for that document as well.
Yes	This week, we take a look at the analysis you can do as a marketer to understand what content you should be developing, how you should share it, and what works on Twitter for your specific message.
Yes	We are meeting with Mark on Wednesday to try and figure out the approval process for Australia, so maybe after Wednesday I'll start responding for them.
Yes	We can connect you with a professional that will help you understand your options and determine what program works best for you.
Yes	We can go out of town - i would love to get away - have you heard about the hilton in Austin?
Yes	We shoudl discuss putting together an automated sheet each day for cash trading.
Yes	We will be marketing this conference to over 40,000 targeted individuals, including a direct mail of at least 25,000 and in addition an online and press campaign.
Yes	We would probably need the ESA 2001 budget (income, expense, cashflow and capital) for the trading/marketing/EES business and the asset/regulated business in seperate formats.
Yes	What if you could borrow thousands and have up to 3 years to repay?
Yes	What is the address of the HR website where I can see my old pay stubs?
Yes	Who can I start sending all these pricing questions to?
Yes	Would be ideal if we can get this data on Thursday.
Yes	Would you like to meet them for a short courtesy meeting (5 - 10 minutes)?
Yes	You can get started today with Graham's free gift.
Yes	Any data you can provide will be helpful.
Yes	Are you still available Weds or Thurs a.m.
Yes	Ben, are you available at 9am on Monday re ABB?
Yes	Do we have a list of attendants/agenda?
Yes	Do you think that you're boss is inclinded to put a call in to the governor regarding the importance of choice and/or sign and send letters to the leadership?
Yes	Do you want tickets to Astros game on Friday night?
Yes	Eldon, are you and Bob planning to go up this week?
Yes	Falcon -- review diligence reports, client discussions.
Yes	Have you had the boards out yet?
Yes	I just wanted to follow-up with you to see what additional steps, if any, that TEKsystems may need to take in order to continue moving forward in the contract execution process.
Yes	I sent you a message regarding a dinner on Tuesday.
Yes	I want to leave you with a question:
Yes	I want to make some for the super bowl party this Sunday.
Yes	I would like to help you make your evaluation of the Software Update Wizard as successful as possible.
Yes	I'd like to recommend to you an app that I use to organize my tasks on the iPhone: Priority Matrix.
Yes	If I'm incorrect, we'll need to get things squared away, like today.
Yes	If energy is not delivered because of a Y2K problem, is that a force majeure event or otherwise excused?
Yes	If that's all Dennis brings to the table (not counting his big bag of $$$$), does a deal with him really make sense?
Yes	If you choose to let them stay paused, we'll send you an email at the beginning of the month reminding you to activate your Zaps again.
Yes	If you'd like help getting started building your site or if there's anything unclear about Jimdo, I'm happy to help.
Yes	Our meetings will be much more effective you attend.
Yes	Per your voice mail I would like to defer 100% of my ECT Phantom Stock into the Stable Asset fund.
Yes	Rick, are you on this, or should I get on it?
Yes	Saturday, March 25 works for me.
Yes	So where are you kayaking this weekend?
Yes	We appreciate your feedback or question and we will try to address your response when we can.
Yes	We can help with any financial need.
Yes	We need to turn in the final inventory list, get things resolved with Mary (be it good or bad) then we can buy Don out.
Yes	We would like to invite you back to continue.
Yes	Were I have to meet u.
Yes	We’d greatly appreciate any ideas on how we can improve.
Yes	When I'm in need of some "managing expertise" in the future, I will give you a call.
Yes	Where did y'all meet?
Yes	Where did you get yours?
Yes	Will Enron cover the cost of having those returns prepared?
Yes	Please contact Sherri Sera (713/853-5984) or Suzanne Danz (713/853-6440) for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.
Yes	Also, if you'd like to make suggestions of how to make the app better or tell me what you'd like to see in future versions, please be in touch.
Yes	Also, should we set a time schedule?
Yes	And let me know what you think of it.
Yes	As it is impossible for Dr Lay to participate at the Preparatory Meeting, we would be most grateful if you could nominate a delegate as well as send us his preliminary ideas on interesting issues and panellists for the programme.
Yes	But how often do you get a chance to tell us what you really think?
Yes	Can you mail me the family tree or send it email?
Yes	Do you want to deeply explore the memory info about your phone?
Yes	Don, go ahead and set it up - what have been discussing with them on the gas side?
Yes	Go ahead and get the op control agreement signed by relevant parties and sent to the proper place.
Yes	I am comfortable with your decisions, so feel free to go ahead with this.
Yes	I get on the plane Houston at 6:30 AM PDT, so you'll have to do it solo.
Yes	I just want to make sure we aren't missing any deals in our model.
Yes	I look forward to hearing from you tomorrow.
Yes	I need to get a new gas daily product created.
Yes	I think you should have this conversation with the senior person and I will work on it at the board level.
Yes	I'd like to hear your thoughts on Fanhattan, given that you were one of the early downloaders of our app over the past several months.
Yes	If you do, you need to hurry.
Yes	Lets discuss this before we make offer.
Yes	Mike, send to John Sherriff in Europe.
Yes	Molly, could you please forward the "thanks, but no thanks" template letter to me?
Yes	Or, would it be helpful at this point to meet with anyone else at Enron, to at least make the personal connection?
Yes	Saturday is good.
Yes	Someone please help me!!!
Yes	Tammy, are you getting all these reports?
Yes	There are plenty of options, but which product will you get?
Yes	We have already scheduled an internal presentation on December 7. Please, go ahead and make a reservation.
Yes	We look forward to speaking with you in more detail about the ways we could potentially work together.
Yes	We wanted to let you know about some upcoming changes to Kicksend which may alter the way you use our app.
Yes	We'd love to get to know you better so that we can enhance our services and products.
Yes	Were you able to trace the package?
Yes	What do you want to do about this?
Yes	What moments will you capture with directr this week?
Yes	When do you think we will be able to get the Sitara number entered in the Link field in Tagg?
Yes	Would you mind call Jerry Jerry BoBerry and see what he will tell you is the substance of their issues, and share with him our issues.
Yes	Would you recommend Roger DiRuggiero, MD? Click one of the links below to leave feedback.
Yes	Would you vote to help us win the prestigious MobiPrize?
Yes	With respect to that rush Guaranty for the referenced counterparty you so kindly got me on Monday, per our conversation, we will need an incumbency certificate for that guaranty as well.
Yes	Let's go out one night and have a few drinks.
Yes	Let's talk about it at the meeting.
Yes	Scott, when would you like to go over the CNG scoop?
Yes	Let's set a meeting date for near future.
Yes	My recommendation is to call Mark Palmer first and discuss the book with him.
Yes	Do you foresee a problem with me leaving at 4pm that day?
Yes	Please plan to dial into our conference call at 8:00 AM Pacific time on Tuesday, January 8th.
Yes	You win......but you still owe me lunch.
Yes	If you'd like to speak your mind, reply directly to this email or get in touch at aubrey@attachments.me and I can set you up with private beta access to our rule catalog.
Yes	Wanna come eat with me?
Yes	You can catch me at the office on wed or next week at home.
Yes	If you would like to speak with a sales representative, click the link below.
Yes	Let's try to use V&E on the e-signature things as much as possible.
Yes	Let's go out to lunch when you come back.
Yes	Please contact CrashPlan PROe Support.
Yes	Please, call-in or attend when the meeting is set.
Yes	Would you like to connect with me in Linkedin?
Yes	Please share with the Birthday Boy.
Yes	Call me tonight and I'll give you all the gory details.
Yes	Also, please set up a meeting for you and me with Phillippe Bibi to discuss getting help from IT to implement our plan.
Yes	Please whitelist our email address offers@paidoffers4all.com
Yes	Please mark on your calendars to attend given current discussions about the gas organization.
Yes	Please copy and paste them as above, click Submit to register.
Yes	Thursday sounds great and just let me know about Friday.
Yes	Send me your number and I'll give you a call.
Yes	I'd like to send you an Amazon gift card if the change caused you any inconvenience - just reply with your feedback, or call me at (855) 962-3621.
Yes	Paul How about meeting at 11:30 or 12? I am in the office so give me a call.
Yes	To remind me to discuss this with you when you get in:
Yes	## Please do not write below this line ##
Yes	- If this was not you, please log into Facebook from your computer and follow the instructions provided to help you control your account information.
Yes	A meeting is being scheduled so we can discuss these matters further.
Yes	After reviewing your presentation, here are some tough questions that we can discuss tomorrow:
Yes	After you activate your account you will be able to login.
Yes	Also, I'd love to talk to you this weekend if possible about Prentice's bday festivities.
Yes	Also, do you know if Skipper is planning to attend.
Yes	Also, please check the volumes.
Yes	Also, please come join us Thursday, March 22 for a webinar hosted by John Boyer—the creator of Skedi.
Yes	Also, please forward to me what I owe you for the plane flight and golf and our share of dinners, drinks, guacamole, etc.
Yes	Also, please have the new transport index positions at Socal that we are booking tomorrow included in the new KRS column in the physindex tab.
Yes	Also, please tell Jeff A. that I'm still doing reconnaissance on smart types to join your group.
Yes	Alternatively, since I'll be on the call anyway, you can leave me a voicemail, or call me at 707.884.4608, and I can relay those points that you feel are most important to communicate.
Yes	An e-mail or voicemail on major developments as they occur would be helpful.
Yes	And if things work out, please consider a meeting with me to ta lk about a job.
Yes	And if you want to make sharing photos as easy as taking them, download one of our apps at $LINK
Yes	And if you want to talk more about dinner, please call me.
Yes	And please email me rest of expenses when you get a chance so I can write you a check for everything (plane,phone, golf, etc., etc.)
Yes	And to be an even bigger pain.....since my schedule's a disaster with school coming to a close, could you stick the check in the mail?
Yes	And will you call me?
Yes	Andrea, would it be possible to update our list to show the current progress on the "30 days" items?
Yes	Any help you can give Kevin would be much appreciated.
Yes	Any help you can give me in setting up training w/ someone that will be able to answer our questions is greatly appreciated.
Yes	Anyway, just wanted to check to make sure you got a copy - Let me know if you need any help.
Yes	Are folks available for a call tomorrow at 9 AM to begin preparing for the meeting with Sempra next week?
Yes	Are you available for a conference call with David Hunt and me tomorrow?
Yes	Are you available to speak with me for a few minutes sometime this week?
Yes	Ask Joseph to reserve the large conference room.
Yes	At your leisure and prior to the November OCD meeting, prepare a memo to file of the resaons and justification based upon the report results and data why Eunice is not the bad guy in this and why Texaco is.
Yes	Backups are for your eyes only - you choose if you want to share them.
Yes	Ben wants to know if you, Marissa and Carolyn are available for lunch tomorrow at 1130.
Yes	Bill, can you set up a meeting to discuss credit issues.
Yes	Bob - Please check with Vance on this deal.
Yes	Both of you should feel free to call me at home over the weekend to 20 discuss things further.
Yes	Brett, can you give me the particulars on the four MEH turbines (ie) scheduled delivery, price, fuel options, heat rate, output,etc - including transferablility to NA.
Yes	But for today, I'd like you to keep an open mind.
Yes	But, if anything should happen, you could leave me a voicemail at home and I will check it once every hour after 1:00 PM on Friday.
Yes	CPage: Would you please forward this directly to Pat?
Yes	Call me on my cell, or page me after you meeting this afternoon and let's discuss.
Yes	Call me so that we can discuss.
Yes	Can I get the daily Data going back to Apr 98?
Yes	Can I get you more resources to cover the market more aggresively?
Yes	Can I please extend the 45 million var and the contracts in the power book until the Board meeting on October 11th.
Yes	Can anyone tell me what it means?
Yes	Can both of you forward the telluride pictures to me so I can get them developed?
Yes	Can set up a conference call with me and Remi Cologne in Brazil this week.
Yes	Can we discuss this - I can be reached at the numbers below?
Yes	Can we invite them to the dinner on the 18th and to the meetings on Friday?
Yes	Can we meet to talk about it on Monday?
Yes	Can we move that meeting up to 11:00 am?
Yes	Can we schedule a conference call with the HR folks at Celgar?
Yes	Can we try to set up a quick call to discuss?
Yes	Can you afford NOT to have health coverage?
Yes	Can you afford to go without health insurance until the next Obamacare open enrollment period in November?
Yes	Can you come and see me when you get in.
Yes	Can you e:mail a copy to Tom Hopwood?
Yes	Can you forward me exact address of conference site so I can include on Sally's itinerary.
Yes	Can you get in touch w/Eldon?
Yes	Can you get the person that reports to Bob Hall to give me an update on our moves from 30 so that I can get back with Jeff this week?
Yes	Can you give me a call sometime Tuesday afternoon.
Yes	Can you give me a call when you have a minute on Tuesday afternoon (after 1pm when trading is done) and I will come by and see you.
Yes	Can you give me any info that may be made available?
Yes	Can you have the same constraint language included on the PG&E Topock location for creating the phys forward (fixed price) product?
Yes	Can you join us?
Yes	Can you join?
Yes	Can you make a call to discuss the PG&E strategy on Wednesday?
Yes	Can you meet me Tuesday morning with all the deals they have with us.
Yes	Can you please send me your current home address so we can send you an organizer?
Yes	Can you send me a copy of Pan Energy's spreadsheet for Sept, also?
Yes	Can you talk early Monday AM w/me & Tribolet re: core/noncore analysis for Hertzberg?
Yes	Can you, please, join us tomorrow to discuss it.
Yes	Carlos - Please check with measurement to determine if this volume is correct.
Yes	Christy, can we send these documents in word format - I'm not sure if this is a problem for everyone but I can never open these attachments from Braeswell.
Yes	Come back and let us know you're ok!
Yes	Could I ask you to try it out and send me some feedback?
Yes	Could I get an outline of their 2 day course to review in order to make this decision?
Yes	Could we do our call at noon or 2 pm California time?
Yes	Could we have a corporate jet available for folks stuck in the A&A PRC? Other?
Yes	Could we schedule a conference call for Friday or Monday to discuss any questions/issues.
Yes	Could you come see me when you get a minute.
Yes	Could you e-mail me your mailing address so I can send off a cheque.
Yes	Could you give me a call (x6910) and help me out.
Yes	Could you please provide me and Twanda with the particulars so that we can paper it up?
Yes	Could you refresh my memory on what I owe you for the coastal and the acacia and I'll quickly send you a check right now! Thanks again for the lobster and fun last weekend.
Yes	Could you, please, advise me what is the best hotel where we could stay overnight, close to your location?
Yes	Couple of points, I would hope you would share with your group on Monday:
Yes	David, Can you resend 1/26/00 MPR?
Yes	David, once you get the demand lets discuss before deployment.
Yes	Did you ever send CES copies of the demand charges for Jan 2000.
Yes	Did you get the changes that we discussed yesterday included before the response to the RFP went to CMS?
Yes	Did you get the other speaker yet?
Yes	Did you get the tickets?
Yes	Do we need to get together and discuss with Dave?
Yes	Do you get to see each other much?
Yes	Do you mind if I meet with Carl and Severin and Rich next time I'm over at Haas to discuss this a bit with them?
Yes	Do you need me to get you anything over here and ship it to London?
Yes	Do you run a business where you need to send partially-completed documents out to workers in the field?
Yes	Do you still want to receive our daily job alerts?
Yes	Do you want me to put them on the list for the Legal/Credit meeting as a reminder?
Yes	Do you want to get together for a drink one night this week?
Yes	Do you want to meet by the garage?
Yes	Don can you try and find a time next week with Lew for me to have dinner - get Beverly to schedule the plane to get me in and out that day.
Yes	EPMI is available to discuss this proposal at your convenience and we will be available on Tuesday, February 20, 2001 to discuss the amounts payable described above.
Yes	Expect a call from Paul tonight.
Yes	FYI, and for us to discuss.
Yes	Feel free to give me a call to discuss.
Yes	For a copy of the proposal, please e-mail Philip Marston, the Project Director, at pmarston@marstonlaw.com.
Yes	For additional information related to this program, please visit the $LINK
Yes	For any questions or technical support, please send us an email at hello@popset.com.
Yes	For more information on our Privacy Policy, please visit the
Yes	For more information, please email us at gmsengine@mail2media.net <mailto:gmsengine@mail2media.net>
Yes	For your issues to be properly addressed, please send your concerns to support@cloudprohosting.com or visit $LINK to submit a ticket.
Yes	George: If you get a minute, could you call to de-brief on the meeting we had the Gruma?
Yes	Ginger: Could I possibly call you at 4:30 and have you conference me in to the 800 number?
Yes	Give a call and we can discuss further.
Yes	Give a call when you get a chance to discuss.
Yes	Give me a buzz if you want to grab some dinner.
Yes	Give me a call Tuesday afternoon to discuss (gone to Kelowna golfing for the weekend).
Yes	Give me a call when you get a chance to look at it.
Yes	Give me a ring if you have a few minutes and I'll give you the update on what's going on up here (dial 87-7449 in case you've forgotten how to dial us from world headquarters).
Yes	Give us a call or chat with us today!
Yes	Glad to talk to you on Friday and be happy to talk more if you have any other questions, or desire any follow up.
Yes	Guys, can you come explain some of this to me including where we stand on the GE issues.
Yes	Guys, can you forward your parts.
Yes	Guys, can you give me an update on what this deal is about - e-mail would be fine?
Yes	Guys, can you put together the folllowing Portfolio/Charter Review for Principal Investing and Energy Capital Resources: a) detail existing portfolio - winners/losers; additions/deletions and overall performance; b) detail market conditions in your markets and any strategy changes following; c) anticipated major transactions in 2001; and d) review charter and detail any proposed changes.
Yes	Guys, lets get together to get final resolution to these issues including the peaker fee asap.
Yes	Here are the phone numbers you can call if you need any help this evening (or tomorrow, I'm sure).
Yes	Hey Z, would you show Beavy how to request the CNG Fuel waivers for July?
Yes	Hey call me when you're on the net.
Yes	Hey what do you think of this one, I even thought we could give what ever ones you won't use for the church's programs on Sunday.
Yes	Hey what time were you meeting us up at Jock's and Jill's tomorrow?
Yes	Hey: we meeting tonite?
Yes	Hi David: Could you give me a call to discuss the project when you get a minute.
Yes	Hi Kenneth, We are within a year anniversary attempt to arrange a meeting with you and our CEO Jack Nester in order to present Telecompression, and how we can cut Enron Corp. by hundreds of millions off Long Distance phone bill.
Yes	Hi Laura: Is it possible to get a copy of the report?
Yes	Hope you can give us more advice!
Yes	How much is the insurance and taxes all together, please itemize!
Yes	How's 8 AM PDT, 11 AM EDT? Could you summarize for me precisely what she'd like to discuss?
Yes	However, please keep AmeriSave in mind for your next home financing transaction and see why so many of our customers return to us for future home purchases and refinances.
Yes	I am glad that your trip is postponed - then we will be able to get together.
Yes	I believe we will want to assign the turbines to an Enron LLC the following week.
Yes	I can be reached at 713-783-1223 if you want to further discuss scheduling of a meeting.
Yes	I can debrief you on the hearing then or if you want to hear it now, give me a call.
Yes	I had hoped to briefly discuss this with you in person, as I would want you to understand two points: (1) This role will not prevent me from continuing a very strong focus on the needs of ENA.
Yes	I had wanted to discuss with you your thoughts on what the criteria should be on which we make that decision.
Yes	I have included our phone numbers below in case you have any comments you would like to discuss with us.
Yes	I hope to get this resolved today so we can wrap it up early next week.
Yes	I hope we can do more than meet, if possible, let me buy you dinner!
Yes	I hope we will get to meet in person soon.
Yes	I hope you can join us.
Yes	I know it's your first day back and you are probably swamped, but when you get a chance, please give me a call.
Yes	I know that she spoke with you about me, and I wanted to see if you might be interested in getting together sometime.
Yes	I know that you are busy but this is just a reminder to forward me the calendar that we spoke of earlier.
Yes	I moved Cindy to March 30th- can you try to move my lunch with Bob to March 28th?
Yes	I shall be glad to join you.
Yes	I shall be glad to meet you and help you with the project.
Yes	I shall be glad to meet you for lunch next week.
Yes	I shall call you tomorrow about it.
Yes	I shall call you tomorrow to discuss the details.
Yes	I shall give you a call tomorrow to set up a meeting.
Yes	I think we may play golf on Friday.
Yes	I wanted to see if we could set up a time to meet next week concerning my PRC review.
Yes	I was wondering if it would be possible for you to write a letter of recommendation for me?
Yes	I was wondering if we could schedule a conference call to discuss the form of these agreements.
Yes	I will be in Sacramento on Monday, June 4th and would like to discuss our proposal with you further if you would find it useful and if your schedule permits.
Yes	I will be in the Global Finance PRC all day tomorrow so can you present Guille in the ESA Directors/ GM PRC?
Yes	I will call you before the end of the week to discuss this recommended approach.
Yes	I will call you tomorrow and would like to throw out an idea regarding an on-going resource for operations in London.
Yes	I will try to send you a list of topics that I would like to cover by the end of the day tomorrow to give us a starting point.
Yes	I will wait to hear from you Monday morning re: 1st meeting.
Yes	I would appreciate if you could please let me know where you stand with the agreement to release both me and Enron from the obligations contained in my employment contract.
Yes	I would appreciate it if you could spend a few minutes and provide me with some details about your application and what OCR requirements you have, so I can help determine if the MSDK is the correct product for you.
Yes	I would appreciate it if you would give Sam a call.
Yes	I would appreciate the opportunity to discuss it with you to get your input, etc.
Yes	I would be grateful if you could call me as soon as possible at the following numbers:
Yes	I would like the opportunity to be together with everyone -- maybe we could send them on a nice dinner just the two of them and the rest of us could have fun one night!
Yes	I would like to ask you to help me with this matter and try to set my termination date after December 9, i.e. at the earliest next Monday.
Yes	I would like to discuss it with you tomorrow if you are available in person or by phone.
Yes	I would like to discuss the entire process chain as part of the timelines, personnel responsibilities and key action items.
Yes	I would like to discuss with you an offer to lend a large amount of capital to your firm.
Yes	I would like to get together with you, Mary Solmonson and James Scribner to begin work on the model for scoping high, low and expected cases around the commercialization opportunities for mid and back office services.
Yes	I would love to hear from you, reply to this email and let me know what obstacles you are experiencing in your online ventures.
Yes	I would really appreciate it if you could spare a minute of your valuable time and take our short survey.
Yes	I'd like to discuss with you two as soon as possible.
Yes	I'd like to see you tonite before I leave if you're available.
Yes	I'd suggest that we set up the briefing with Ken for Tuesday afternoon, given that we've got a lot to do between now and then.
Yes	I'll be out the rest of the week, but maybe when I get back we can chat again on the phone, and maybe pull Edmund in, because before Edmund got sick, we were pretty much in agreement on how he was supposed to respond about Americas countries and how I should respond about European countries.
Yes	I'll call you tomorrow, if you're around.
Yes	I'll see if we can set up a meeting on Thursday the 2nd.
Yes	I'll work on the transfer price agreement today or this weekend so we will have something to discuss.
Yes	I'm going to Las Vegas next week, so we'll have to get together some time after next week.
Yes	If Cameron has to work are you available?
Yes	If any of you are interested in going to the Mass, let me know and we can make plans together.
Yes	If it works better, we can discuss on Tueday morning/early afternoon.
Yes	If it works for you, I'd be happy to come to your office on either day to meet and catch up.
Yes	If not, are you available at about 3 PM houston time to discuss same?
Yes	If not, do you want to meet this weekend for a wee bit to discuss? i'm in town.
Yes	If not, please forward it on to the right person and let me know who that is.
Yes	If nothing happens when you click this link, please copy the link above and paste it into your web browser.
Yes	If questions arise around an EOL deal, please make sure that your audience (traders, myself, etc.) knows that your are discussing an EOL trade.
Yes	If so, Linda, would it be possible to have overnighted to me "official versions" of the letters?
Yes	If so, do you want me to meet you there?
Yes	If that date doesn't work, would you please include my assistant, Twanda Sweet, on the distribution, given that I will be out at the law conference for the rest of the day and tomorrow?
Yes	If the link above does not work, please move the message to your inbox.
Yes	If the link does not open, please paste it directly into your browser and press Enter.
Yes	If there's other stuff you need, or if you'd like to discuss, don't hesitate.
Yes	If they are OK, pls post it and email the final back to me.
Yes	If this describes you, please join us on Thursday, November 29th .
Yes	If this is not feasible, please let me know.
Yes	If we don't talk between now and Thursday, we'll talk then.
Yes	If you are free one evening we can have dinner together.
Yes	If you are going to be in town and would like to see Mark, please let me know and I would be happy to make arrangements.
Yes	If you are, when do you talk to Skilling, and would you want to schedule something around that, or sooner?
Yes	If you can get away during the week to ski, that would be awesome.
Yes	If you can get through a tenth of that in 5 minutes, you are much quicker than I! Also, in an amazing coincidence, your outline looks very similar to MKM's speech for the Canuck gas conference next week.
Yes	If you consider you have the inquired skills and would like to be approved for this job or would like to discuss it, please reply to this email and indicate your interest.
Yes	If you don't want to read any further, just head over to $LINK
Yes	If you get a free minute, can you give me a call to discuss.
Yes	If you happen to be in Houston on November 5th we would enjoy having you join us for the walk.
Yes	If you have a chronic condition, you should talk to your health care provider about how to minimize your risk before you get pregnant.
Yes	If you have a different view, lets discuss at your earliest convenience.
Yes	If you have any trouble, just reply to this email and we'll help you out.
Yes	If you have multiple children in multiple classrooms be sure to create a Ring for each class.
Yes	If you have problems viewing quotes online or you would like to speak directly to a licensed agent, call the number below:
Yes	If you need our assistance during your usage, email us and we will be happy to help you.
Yes	If you no longer want to apply, go to: $LINK to retrieve and delete your application.
Yes	If you should need any further information, please contact me at 713-334-2887 or 713-302-9570.
Yes	If you use GMail, can you do me a quick favor?
Yes	If you want me to take care of her, let me know.
Yes	If you want to attend, let me know, and we will get tickets.
Yes	If you want to discuss further let me know.
Yes	If you want to give me a call when you have a minute, I'll conference in Mark from Aron, and we'll just confirm all this.
Yes	If you want to meet today that would be fine.
Yes	If you were unable to confirm your personal information and do not have access to your account, please call us at (855) 331-9531 and select option 2 in order to verify your identity.
Yes	If you would like to discuss this further, please give me a call.
Yes	If you would like to meet to discuss this let me know and we'll set up a time.
Yes	If you would like to speak directly to a licensed agent, call this number and we can help:
Yes	If you'd like to attend, should we call you from the conference room?
Yes	If you'd like to discuss it further, I'd be happy to talk about it.
Yes	If you'd like to discuss, feel free to give me a call at 415.782.7822.
Yes	If you'd like to have a conversation that doesn't include the whole gang on the conference call about the Brattle Group stuff, give me a call and we can have a calmer, more detailed discussion without all the noise.
Yes	If you'd prefer to call us to discuss your options, you can reach us at 888.486.4722.
Yes	If you're not interested in receiving emails from me ever again, you may let me know here.
Yes	If your do not see our email in 15 seconds, please go to http://www.enerfax.com
Yes	If your kids will be able to attend, let me know.
Yes	If your schedule were to free up suddenly, just give me a call and I can see if I could change mine to have lunch sooner.
Yes	In the meantime, can I order a case of coast zin and one of cab for pick up and payment this weekend, too?
Yes	In the meantime, please take a moment to spread the word.
Yes	Instead, please send messages to our customer service team at customerservice@creativeedge.com
Yes	Is it possible to get a login ID and password to get into the CERA site?
Yes	Is next week too late for meetings?
Yes	Is there any chance that Lisa could get a phone in your meeting room so that I could participate by conference call?
Yes	Is there anything in addition to the information we included in the letter to Lynch (or that is already be publicly available) that FERC might use in its investigation and that we ought to target for public release?
Yes	It would be great if we could entertain you for lunch as part of the visit.
Yes	It would be great if we could talk this week.
Yes	It would be nice if you could be at my dinner, since I probably won't know anyone else.
Yes	Janelle, I was hoping that maybe we could find a half hour to discuss your thoughts on your current role.
Yes	Jeff, I would like to discuss this with you and your plans in gas.
Yes	Jim, lets get together in the next week or so to discuss progress.
Yes	John I would like to sit with you a couple days this week if you'll let me.
Yes	John, can you arrange this call?
Yes	Julie - Please check these deals for the correct contract/terms.
Yes	Just please have a relationship w/ me.
Yes	Kay, can you set up a dinner with Randall.
Yes	Kevin, I would like more detail on these issues of which I was not aware - lets discuss next week.
Yes	Laura, I know you are busy but I need your plan submission asap so that we can discuss and finalize.
Yes	Leave me a voicemail and let me know how the meeting goes.
Yes	Let me know about that weekend.
Yes	Let me know how you 'd like to proceed and please give my sincere apologies (and best) to Laura.
Yes	Let me know if HR can not produce that for you and I can get you a copy.
Yes	Let me know if one afternoon this week works for you.
Yes	Let me know if we need to resend.
Yes	Let me know if you don't have anything by tomorrow.
Yes	Let me know if you get my attachments.
Yes	Let me know if you want a copy of the note describing that process, which was sent by Cindy Olson a few weeks ago.
Yes	Let me know if you want to make changes.
Yes	Let me know what the outcome of the meeting is.
Yes	Let me know what you hear from Mark or Tim about their discussion.
Yes	Let me know what you schedule.
Yes	Let me know what you think...I may go do my long run on Sunday, if you're doing one too, maybe we can meet for breakfast...
Yes	Let me know when you have the right memory available to install.
Yes	Let me know when you want to talk dates.
Yes	Let me know when you would like to discuss the value that GA brought to our pipeline group.
Yes	Let me know you got these.
Yes	Let me know your impressions after the meeting.
Yes	Let me know, and then we can firm up discussions topics and agendas.
Yes	Let us know if we can better support your email provider's spam features!
Yes	Let us know what kinds of stats you'd like to see!
Yes	Let's discuss a bit more.
Yes	Let's discuss a bit.
Yes	Let's discuss first thing, before the day gets nuts.
Yes	Let's discuss if there are any problems.
Yes	Let's discuss on Monday.
Yes	Let's discuss this sometime this am.
Yes	Let's discuss this with Ann Elizabeth next week.
Yes	Let's get together for lunch some time.
Yes	Let's meet at Westin Oaks next to the reception around 6:30 p.m. Thursday.
Yes	Let's meet for lunch when you get back to the office.
Yes	Let's meet on Wednesday or Thursday this week.
Yes	Let's meet with Jeff Shankman to discuss the agenda.
Yes	Let's please discuss this one long and hard before making an decision.
Yes	Let's schedule a meeting for Mark Taylor, you and me with the consultant who we already had conversations with.
Yes	Let's talk and maybe I can get the Bryson meeting rearranged.
Yes	Let's talk first thing in the AM to discuss.
Yes	Let's try to get together today or tomorrow.
Yes	Make sense for me to attend the meeting?
Yes	Mark, you should be there if possible.
Yes	Marylyn Do you have a problem with me taking this to the prayer ministry tonight?
Yes	Maureen, can you print out for Steve, too?
Yes	Maybe on Ben's layover we can have a discussion about where we go from here from a schedule standpoint.
Yes	Maybe we can discuss in the am.
Yes	Maybe we can have a discussion then?
Yes	Mike, lets discuss just after Wayne and I get together to discuss the technical book or in conjunction.
Yes	Mike, please give me a call at 3-0977 and we can set up a time that is good for you to observe.
Yes	Mr Kean has had me underwater since last Thursday night, but I'll resurface tomorrow, at which time we can catch up on a number of things, including bills.
Yes	My high score right now is 3.61 miles... let me know if you're able to beat it.
Yes	My phone # is below so if you need to call me please do so.
Yes	Norm would you mind visiting with Ms. Bernacik and explaining to her the difference between the excavation area where the underground tanks were removed and the landfarm area?
Yes	Now don't shoot me, but I was wondering if it might be possible to have the meetings on Thursday mornings.
Yes	Now that we sent the first blow, lets get everyone together to discuss our future steps.
Yes	On the power plant, I've got a couple of guys you need to talk to.
Yes	On your other issue, I understand and we'll discuss.
Yes	Or I could discuss these issues after 8:00 p.m. Let me know when you would like to talk and if you continue to have issues in this regard.
Yes	Or do you write in English American now?
Yes	Or we could have lunch or a beer after work on Thursday or Friday when I'm back from Portland.
Yes	Or we could meet at a non-I-House place during the break and catch up if you like.
Yes	Otherwise, I shall be glad to join you.
Yes	Our meeting start at 7pm but we really don't get started praying until 8pm so if you want to touch and agree with us around that time that would be great.
Yes	P.S - If you want to get your whole team or department set up with Openera - let me know and I'll get you early access to our Teams edition.
Yes	P.S. Please do this ASAP as customer is scheduled to leave at 4pm today.
Yes	Perhaps you should consider it.
Yes	Peter: Please send these updates to Lance Schuler, Travis McCullough and me going forward.
Yes	Please ACTIVATE YOUR Free ACCOUNT $LINK right away and tell us where to send your check!
Yes	Please Complete Your Registration Here:
Yes	Please accept our apologies and this extended = deal.
Yes	Please accept our apologies for the inconvenience.
Yes	Please activate this link for saving your appjog data.
Yes	Please be informed that you have a joining date on 05/20 in Equinox and you did not show up last 05/20 to join the ship.Can you please advise what is your valid reason.
Yes	Please book it for 3 nights--thurs/fri/sat.
Yes	Please book me SF/NYC round trip,leaving Tues 8.2.01 at 9:15 am, returning on sunday taking the 4:15 pm from NYC.
Yes	Please call & I can give you Sally's available time if she needs to attend.
Yes	Please call him to discuss.
Yes	Please call me so that we may discuss.
Yes	Please call me to discuss your question.
Yes	Please call me to discuss.
Yes	Please call to discuss any of this at any time.
Yes	Please call to discuss at your convenience.
Yes	Please check Your Site right away.
Yes	Please check and update your billing information as soon as possible to ensure that your membership continues uninterrupted.
Yes	Please check on those marked below
Yes	Please check the dates for that OpRisk seminar in New York and put those on my calendar tentatively.
Yes	Please check the gd swap cheyenne positions for March.
Yes	Please complete the attached file as discussed over the phone.
Yes	Please confirm your Bdrive account by clicking this link:
Yes	Please confirm your Twitter account
Yes	Please confirm your Twitter account by clicking this link:
Yes	Please confirm your email address by clicking the link below, it only takes a second.
Yes	Please confirm your interest in a chance to win $50,000 for FREE by copying the link below into your browser:
Yes	Please confirm your plans to attend the meeting and the dinner to David Winn at dwinn@swlegal.org <mailto:dwinn@swlegal.org> .
Yes	Please confirm your request and activate your account below:
Yes	Please consider supporting the Smartr team by checking out our new app.
Yes	Please consider the environment before printing this email.
Yes	Please consult your financial institution regarding when the credit will be posted to your account.
Yes	Please coordinate with James so that your agendas are in sync (in case of potential overlap) so that we don't convey a right hand/left hand lack of coordination.
Yes	Please delete all the files from your hard drive and > manually forward this virus to everyone on your mailing list.
Yes	Please delete me from your e-mail list.
Yes	Please describe in detail, the downstream capacity available to transport this gas.
Yes	Please describe the steps to reproduce the bug:
Yes	Please discuss this with Morgan.
Yes	Please disregard the prior e-mail.
Yes	Please do not contact unless you are 21 years old.
Yes	Please do not delete the account and device information below as it will aid us with your support needs.
Yes	Please do not forward this to them.
Yes	Please do not submit a duplicate registration as it will delay the approval process.
Yes	Please do not waste anymore time because right now you have the chance to download your copy for free but that is ending soon.
Yes	Please don't count December out as a possible start time for the special session.
Yes	Please don't hestitate to call me if you want to discuss anything in more 20 detail.
Yes	Please download updates for your iPhone and iPad today.
Yes	Please download your free ebook SEO Tips: 5 Things Every WordPress Owner MUST Know here:
Yes	Please e-mail your additions to Janette for her to compile.
Yes	Please email me at natasha.stevenson@davidco.com to find out how.
Yes	Please email publics@davidco.com to find out how.
Yes	Please email us at publics@davidco.com to find out more.
Yes	Please email us for details: Diego@jobin-usa.com
Yes	Please email us for details: Eldon@job-googleapps.com
Yes	Please enable both prior to beginning the survey.
Yes	Please enjoy 25% off* any regular priced items with coupon code 251408768 through 11:59 pm PT, Tuesday, August 27th, 2013.
Yes	Please familiarize yourself with our Safety tips
Yes	Please fax the Friday "package" and the final Q2 numbers.
Yes	Please fax the Friday package and the final Q2 numbers.
Yes	Please fill him in on your discussions to date.
Yes	Please fill in the few blank fields including your first and last name and your funds will be deposited shortly.
Yes	Please fill in the fields:
Yes	Please fill out this survey between May 6 and May 24 and rate NJ TRANSIT on the mode of transportation you travel most frequently.
Yes	Please fill out this survey between November 11th and December 2nd, 2013 and rate NJ TRANSIT on the mode of transportation you travel most frequently.
Yes	Please find my resume and cover letter attached.
Yes	Please find my resume attached.
Yes	Please find the attached OPML file.
Yes	Please find the attached file which was generated by ExcelContacts.
Yes	Please find the attached file which was generated by ExcelMail.
Yes	Please find the corresponding buttons and items in your language.
Yes	Please follow the steps below to submit a refund request:
Yes	Please follow up with these guys and try to schedule for this afternoon, around 5:45.
Yes	Please forward a job scope for Jen and Craig.
Yes	Please forward this information to any one you know who might benefit from a better understanding of energy derivatives, weather risk, gas-to-electricity arbitrage or electric power trading.
Yes	Please forward this to any other Enron participants to review prior to our conference call with John Fielder, November 1, 2001, 11:00 a.m.
Yes	Please forward this to the appropriate person.
Yes	Please forward to Bev.
Yes	Please forward to Jeff.
Yes	Please forward to me so I can review the opinion and get final approval for the deal.
Yes	Please forward your e-mail to the rest of the ogc to facilitate discussion.
Yes	Please forward: Room Change
Yes	Please get it scheduled.
Yes	Please get this for Mark.
Yes	Please get with Jennifer Sabine and go over these issues with her.
Yes	Please get with the East Desk on this.
Yes	Please give Michelle Cash a call or Karen Jones in Portland.
Yes	Please give me a call ASAP on marketing affiliate issue on TW Enron Online deal.
Yes	Please give me a call and we will discuss the issues surrounding this new structure and the best way to communicate it to those involved to make this the most effective.
Yes	Please give me a call if you would like to discuss this.
Yes	Please give me a call so we can help Steve with his script for when he calls Langley.
Yes	Please give me a call when you get a chance to discuss the schedule I sent earlier.
Yes	Please give me a ring at your convenience.
Yes	Please give me access to execute on EOL for the Short-Term Main book.
Yes	Please give me your comments on this so we plan our strategy.
Yes	Please give me your correct address so I can mail you the copy of the cheque.
Yes	Please give my EOL id the ability to trade Canadian Gas products.
Yes	Please give your thoughts on this.
Yes	Please go to the following page to complete the verification process:
Yes	Please have Matt email the ops reports to my lotus.
Yes	Please help us out by taking the survey:
Yes	Please include Bill Bradford if possible.
Yes	Please include the following email addresses on the bidweek pricing data distribution list.
Yes	Please include the name of a contact person that Kim will need when she gets to the event.
Yes	Please join us in wishing Alfonso all the best in his new life.
Yes	Please keep in mind that I have not had a chance to discuss this proposal 20 internally.
Yes	Please keep this e-mail for your records.
Yes	Please keep this email for your records.
Yes	Please let Brent know that I will be on vacation on Monday, November 20th.
Yes	Please let me know how to get into it as I've got about a hundred reviews to do and I'll be on the road constantly for a couple weeks.
Yes	Please let me know if tomorrow am works for you.
Yes	Please let me know if you are available to meet on Monday, Jan. 22nd at 4:30 p.m. or Wednesday, Jan. 24th at 11:15 a.m.
Yes	Please let me know if you are available today to discuss this transaction with Sr. Jacoby and me.
Yes	Please let me know if you will be available to attend.
Yes	Please let me know if you would be open to scheduling a thirty-minute introductory call in the next few business days to talk in more detail.
Yes	Please let me know if you would like further information, or if you would like to setup a meeting to review RedDot in action directly with your own Enron Corp website.
Yes	Please let me know if you'd like to do Opus, and I'll get on it pronto.
Yes	Please let me know of some days/time-slots that are open to you in the next couple of weeks, and we will try and firm up the visit.
Yes	Please let me know when our new socal and pg&e index descriptions are available.
Yes	Please let me know when we can get these contracts assigned.
Yes	Please let me know when you can send the maps.
Yes	Please let me know when you can spare 15 minutes of your valueable time to have a chance to meet with you and help you in scoping of a project which can increase your productivity multifold.
Yes	Please let us know what you think about Audiogalaxy Mixes and our new sharing features.
Yes	Please log in to $LINK
Yes	Please login, complete the payment information and your full service will be activated!
Yes	Please look over all your information..
Yes	Please look over this and get back with me on any changes you would like to make.
Yes	Please maintain confidentiality of this notification for your utmost protection.
Yes	Please make a few minor changes to the Scal product.
Yes	Please make the return on Sunday earlier.
Yes	Please make your electronic pledge no later than Friday, August 17.
Yes	Please manage through PR - Dorie Hitchcock - she will require an agenda as part of the approval process.
Yes	Please open it with a modern email client.
Yes	Please prepare drafts of the slides suggested in the attached "agenda slide".
Yes	Please print the email and the attachments.
Yes	Please print this page for your records
Yes	Please provide me with information about this deal asap.
Yes	Please provide your name for the credit :
Yes	Please purchase one of our mobile apps.Buy our mobile apps here:
Yes	Please put Mike on my calendar for Thursday lunch next week.
Yes	Please reach out to me directly and tell me what you think.
Yes	Please read on for more detailed agenda and information related specifically to each event.
Yes	Please read the attached letter, which is the one that we sent to Dunn last week.
Yes	Please refer to the email application number - 104J-FUNDS-4532A.
Yes	Please refer to the letter for the credit amount.
Yes	Please refer to the letter for the final amount credited to your Wells Fargo account XXXXXXXXX2159.
Yes	Please reply this back to Kay Chapman and myself.
Yes	Please reserve a conference room for up to 7 people for 1 hour on Wednesday, April 12th around 2:30pm.
Yes	Please respond to our survey.
Yes	Please retain a copy of this email for your records.
Yes	Please retain the login and password you created.
Yes	Please return to the site and log in using the following information.
Yes	Please review your complete payment schedule and recent policy changes by logging into your policy using your email address and password at:
Yes	Please run a report from the transport model so that I may see the changes to the delivery points.
Yes	Please save this email for your records, as it contains important purchase and software activation information.
Yes	Please save this information for future reference:
Yes	Please schedule 30 minutes with Janette.
Yes	Please see coupon terms & conditions for more details.
Yes	Please send a copy of the plan to the OGC and work with Janette to schedule a meeting of the OGC to review the plan and get buy-in across the group.
Yes	Please send a reply so that we will know if we are operational before we start sending the data out in bidweek.
Yes	Please send an e-mail to support@monkeyquest.com if this email has reached you by mistake.
Yes	Please send it to me again so I can follow up.
Yes	Please send me a brief description of what ICor does.
Yes	Please send me a copy of the memorialized points you created relative to Mr. Stubley's brief training session.
Yes	Please send me an email letting me know if you will attend in person or via conference call.
Yes	Please send me the Meta ID.
Yes	Please send me the NN and TW operating reports from the minutes of the last meeting.
Yes	Please send me the Oglethorpe activity in excel for Dec 2000.
Yes	Please send me the Ogy invoice for March.
Yes	Please send me your resume or call me.
Yes	Please send out from you and me.
Yes	Please send the CNG stuff to
Yes	Please send the sources of our ferc CA analysis to becky cantrell.
Yes	Please set the meeting up with Alan, Dan and me.
Yes	Please set up a 30 minute meeting with Cathy 36898 and we can go through it and i;ll give you a copy of all info.
Yes	Please take a few minutes and tell use how your experience has been so far.
Yes	Please take a few minutes to complete a short survey about the website.
Yes	Please take a look and let's discuss ASAP (Monday?) so we can get if on file at the CPUC.
Yes	Please take a look at these and give me a call.
Yes	Please take a minute to update POP and it be back to normal.
Yes	Please take a moment to answer one simple question by clicking either link below:
Yes	Please take a moment to complete this survey about your experience.
Yes	Please take a moment to complete your profile and execute your first sync to start enjoying the powerful features of Bookmark.
Yes	Please take a moment to rate this email:
Yes	Please take a moment to read BlackBerry's Privacy Policy found
Yes	Please take a moment to review the following steps to ensure timely processing and awarding of financial aid.
Yes	Please take a moment to verify your email.
Yes	Please take some time to read through everything and let us know what you think.
Yes	Please take two minutes to fill out this quick survey: $LINK
Yes	Please tap here to restore this backup to SmartTime Plus.
Yes	Please tell us a little about yourself by indicating your travel interests.
Yes	Please tell your friends and family to sign up for their FREE account at $LINK
Yes	Please try it: $LINK
Yes	Please update your 2001 budget to incorporate this new iniative.
Yes	Please use the following url to access your mailed notes:
Yes	Please use this activation code to verify your email address on the CellSpin website and activate your account.
Yes	Please use this link to manage your account.
Yes	Please use this method only if web access is not available.
Yes	Please use your internet browser to access the URL address http://www.pge.com/pipeline and read the file called "INSIDEtracc Access Goes Web!" (Click on Archive of previous News Articles at the bottom of the PipeRanger home page.)
Yes	Please validate your email address by going here:
Yes	Please verify your email address by copying and pasting the following link into your browser: $LINK
Yes	Please view it here - $LINK
Yes	Please view this newsletter at: $LINK
Yes	Please visit $LINK to use our applications.
Yes	Please visit RCLCrewTravel or the RCLCrewTravel mobile app to obtain the latest information.
Yes	Please visit the Settlement website for detailed information on how to submit a valid Exclusion Form or objection.
Yes	Please visit the webpage below in order to read this message in your webbrowser:
Yes	Please visit this blog entry for more details;
Yes	Please welcome our new partner Sneakpeeq.com
Yes	Please, call me at 713 853 3848 on Thursday or Friday.
Yes	Please, call me on Monday and we shall set u a conference call.
Yes	Please, give me a call Tuesday morning and I shall carve out an hour from my schedule to discuss the paper.
Yes	Please, let me know what would be convenient time to meet.
Yes	Pls get me to Hou. on the Thur.
Yes	Pls talk to Bill lets get something set up here.
Yes	Presume we'll talk tomorrow re: Cal solution?
Yes	Remember to look at your school schedule so we can book our flights to Kansas.
Yes	Rick, if your schedule permits, could you participate in the first five-ten minutes of the daily EES call (10 AM CST) to give those folks a brief snapshot of what happened?
Yes	Rob, I need your re-submission of the plan document including goals and objective asap so that we can have a final discussion and finalize.
Yes	Rob, lets discuss.
Yes	Roger, if EPA has approved other alternate methods for determining sulfur in fuel gas, can you approve of these for our sulfur methods?
Yes	Scott, you need to make your own call on that one - I think you could add value in either.
Yes	See who wants to meet you.
Yes	Select what type of card you would like, you could get a new card even if you have less than perfect credit.
Yes	Shall we meet at your house or mine and at what time?
Yes	Shall we try to get the Enron groups together to discuss the approach we want to take with GE in our next phone call?
Yes	Should we compare notes (via email) on questions 3&4 by tomorrow (Sunday) before lunch?
Yes	Should we make arrangements for lunch?
Yes	Since we are both big rich types you want to go to dinner tonight?
Yes	So we need to meet or I need more info from you to get a good idea of exactly what you want.
Yes	Steve: Let me know if you'd like to discuss.
Yes	Take a look at the file and then we can discuss how to combine this with current pipeline capacity and future expansions.
Yes	The appearance of your site might be slightly changed however, so please review it.
Yes	The attached résumé was created using the ResuM8 app by Career Marketing Specialists Inc. - please visit ResuM8.net
Yes	The three of us probably need to get together and discuss tactics around a number of issues.
Yes	Then, maybe we can get together and discuss other changes we need to make.
Yes	To be sure there is no abuse with your email please confirm your registration by clicking following Link:
Yes	To do this, please open the following link in your web browser:
Yes	To let us know your decision about returning, please call us at 877-500-3587, today between 9 a.m. and 9 p.m. ET—it only takes a few minutes if you act now!
Yes	To view your ScanBizCards reminders in Google Calendar, please follow these steps:
Yes	Toni: give me a call so we can discuss Josh.
Yes	Toni: please make the offer to Josh Chapa asap.
Yes	Tony--pls cover for us.
Yes	Twadna, would you please print and then file Ecogas (not due diligence file) for me.
Yes	Twanda, would you please make that change and run executables?
Yes	Twanda, would you please print this for me?
Yes	Twanda, would you please save these to my form directory and print them out for me?
Yes	Twanda, would you please set up this meeting for me?
Yes	Unless that is going to create problems, would you mind letting them know that I'm coming.
Yes	We also need ro insert discussion about relation of peak to offpeak prices, as a 3:2 ratio, which is not what other parties have proposed.
Yes	We are going to meet with the specialist next week.
Yes	We are supposed to meet every Friday at 8:00 a.m.
Yes	We are walking distance from Enron! Please give us a call at 713-222-7667.
Yes	We can ask Ed on Wednesday.
Yes	We can discuss further on Tuesday.
Yes	We can discuss further when I'm in Houston tomorrow and Friday.
Yes	We can discuss these comments, if you want, or just incorporate them.
Yes	We can discuss what you see as the most efficient path forward, and any additions, etc, you think are necessary.
Yes	We can discuss when I'm in later this week.
Yes	We can meet at my meager apartment if you like.
Yes	We can meet at my office if you'd like, or at a cafe.
Yes	We can start discussions with the targets in a few days.
Yes	We can talk more tonite about our somewhat loose but thus far effective means for getting these things done every week.
Yes	We can try this week if you're available.
Yes	We could discuss that and other suggestions at the meeting on Sunday.
Yes	We could discuss there.
Yes	We currently need survey takers from United States of America so we hope you join right away to start taking paid surveys so we can fill some of our open survey positions.
Yes	We don't want to ruin the surprise, so proceed to the link below and find out what can soon be yours.
Yes	We have a rough roadmap of new features we would like to add but we need your help.
Yes	We have invited the team to dinner Thursday, 7:00 p.m. Would you loike to join us?
Yes	We love getting the opportunity to meet with you guys and
Yes	We love hearing from you so please provide your feedback and comments.
Yes	We need to discuss the Federal Power Act and checking the box.
Yes	We need to send a check to the agency to cover ourselves prior to the April 30 deadline.
Yes	We shall be very glad to meet you.
Yes	We shall call you to schedule a meeting to review the product.
Yes	We shall try to arrange a video conference with Houston when Howard is back.
Yes	We should discuss further, though; very interesting idea.
Yes	We should discuss the continued use of Bill Ogden for non-compete litigation.
Yes	We should try to talk tomorrow or Friday.
Yes	We try to meet every Monday night to pray over special prayer request that we have received along with praying for the needs our families, friends, church, government and even our enemies.
Yes	We will discuss in 2001.
Yes	We will discuss this next week when he comes to town.
Yes	We will have to meet up somewhere.
Yes	We will have to pay and get out to our hole, so give yourself some time if you want to hit a few before we tee off.
Yes	We will meet in Herman's office on 33.
Yes	We will need a follow up call anyway, once we know what to do to meet the accting objectives.
Yes	We will need to discuss how to adjust physical risk to match the flow constraints on EPNG.
Yes	We would like you and a guest to join us for the 3rd and 4th rounds of the Tour Championship on Saturday and Sunday.
Yes	We would like, however, to move the meeting to 2 p.m. Tuesday.
Yes	We would really appreciate it if you would just take a moment to let us know about the quality of your experience.
Yes	We'll discuss again when I am over next week.
Yes	We'll have to allow extra time next Monday for a double de-brief.
Yes	We'll lay out all the options and let you decide, with no judgement on our part.
Yes	We'll need to discuss tomorrow on the call what position, if any, we (Enron) takes vis-a-vis New Power's attempts to get default provider.
Yes	We'll save the Scott Mills discussion for a later date!
Yes	We're going - want to join us?
Yes	What do you say about that?
Yes	What do you want to do about lunch tomorrow?
Yes	What is the status of your looking at the LNG contract issues?
Yes	What is your address??
Yes	What is your hotmail nickname?
Yes	What is your parents address?
Yes	What time are you arriving on Friday?
Yes	What will you be focused on?
Yes	When do you think you'll have more specifics on timing and the exact people we will be meeting with (can you send along their titles also).
Yes	When do you want to discuss this (or have us discuss it with the right B & P person)?
Yes	When done, please forward back to me for distribution.
Yes	When we get together I would like to sit down and go through a number of organizational re-alignments and what we may want to do on the regulatory front to support those businesses.
Yes	When would you like to talk re: Mr. Bray?
Yes	When you download MP3 files you should download them in 128 kps format.
Yes	When you get a chance would you redraft the CES invoice and call me?
Yes	When you get a chance, please page me at 888.916.7184.
Yes	When you get a minute I need to discuss the last attachment for the Co Op term sheet (the asset management one).
Yes	When you get a minute I would like to catch you up on these issues.
Yes	When you get back, give a call and we can meet at break or have lunch or a beer after work or something.
Yes	When you get to the Enron Building, please ask for me or my assistant, Twanda Sweet, and one of us will take you to the conference room.
Yes	Who can join me for this meeting?
Yes	Will it be possible for you to be here to support the accountants until 5pm?
Yes	Will you or someone on your team rewrite as necessary?
Yes	Would you be willing join us?
Yes	Would you check on the status of meter request 02325 and let me know where it stands?
Yes	Would you like me to fax to you, or bring copies to tomorrow's meeting?
Yes	Would you like to schedule a time to discuss this with me and outside counsel?
Yes	Would you please include my name on all future e-mails.
Yes	Would you please juggle the rest of my calendar to accommodate this?
Yes	Would you please write a description on how Consumers Energy works on the billing for title transfers?
Yes	Yes, it's for finance, though you're welcome to join---we can use all the help that we can get.
Yes	You have a paycheck here for *$25 waiting for Jude* from PanelBuck and they don't know your address, can you complete your profile?
Yes	You have some time to sit and discuss a bit?
Yes	You just need to complete your full profile so we can provide the best rates and terms for it.
Yes	You must complete an application and meet specific eligibility requirements in order to receive financial assistance from the government.
Yes	You need to confirm your registration to become a full member!
Yes	You need to discuss this with the East Desk.
Yes	You should e mail her sometimes.
Yes	You should feel free to edit away!
Yes	You should however consider the Section 529 plans that I believe we have discussed previously.
Yes	You want to try to have lunch?
Yes	and give me a call today!
Yes	 We would like to get in touch with you.
Yes	   Please join us for as many events as your schedule allows!
Yes	A dinner / lunch on Fri would work for me.
Yes	After your review we can make the necessary changes and modifications.
Yes	Also , we need to talk about the weekend of 01/12 .
Yes	Alternatively, we can delay the conversation till next week.
Yes	And I like to discuss further the points you were making on the call.
Yes	And do you folks have a copy of the Peace letter (treatise) sent to FERC last week?
Yes	And, yes, we'll get both you and Phil on Stan's calendar to go over the Operations Alliances topic...I will await their call to schedule.
Yes	Any chance of finalizing the California tariff Monday morning (have a call, say, 7:30/8:00 AM PDT)?
Yes	Any chance of getting a slight delay (say until next Wednesday or Thursday) to complete them?
Yes	Any chance of getting together with both of you?
Yes	Anytime you want to go to lunch to check on the house status, I'd be glad to go...
Yes	Are you available tomorow to discuss further?
Yes	As well, I would suggest we start discussions with Reeding & Bates which according to both Redmond and Thompson is a live deal.
Yes	Ashley and I were looking forward to going out to dinner with you guys on Saturday.
Yes	Cheryl and John would like to extend an invitation to you and your wife to be their guests at the worthy event.
Yes	Chris, I need your 2000 accomplishments and Enron resume/deal anthology before Friday.
Yes	Contact Joe and suggest that he meet with you while you are there or I could do it for you.
Yes	Dear Ken: When the timing is right, I would like to visit with you (and Linda if appropriate) to discuss my idea of writing a scholarly but lively history of Enron.
Yes	Do you want to go over to the game in two weeks?
Yes	Glad you could join us.
Yes	Go to the following address;
Yes	Guys, I would like to schedule a quarterly meeting to review our technical risk as a part of this reporting procedure.
Yes	Guys, lets set up a meeting between the three of us on Monday ASAP to discuss.
Yes	He said... Let's go out and have some fun tonight.
Yes	Hey, we need to talk about something else--I'm getting a pheasant hunting trip organized for late Oct. Interested?
Yes	Hi, Rick---If you don't mind, Lyn's asked that you join him at The Hyatt (am thinking the bar might just come in handy)---in front of the escalator in the lobby.
Yes	How about lunch today?
Yes	I also want to discuss any suggestion you may have on people we should be trying to recruit for this.
Yes	I am in hopes that we can talk further about enrolling Colleen into your school.
Yes	I am interested in talking to you about Jennifer Bagwell, as well as discussing the possibility of moving Susan Scott back to my book.
Yes	I can meet around 10:00.
Yes	I have a meeting at 11am and a class from 1pm to 2pm today so if you call or email me within those time frames and I don't respond for a while, that's why.
Yes	I have a time slot available at 2:00 but I can reorganize my schedule to accommodate you.
Yes	I have some ideas regarding the transition and would like to share them with you and/or your communication transition team.
Yes	I have suggested to Harry and Carlos, that we jointly interview each applicant.
Yes	I know your life is very complicated and I don't want to make it worse, but if you ever have the time and inclination to go to lunch, dinner, movie, whatever, I'd definitely be up for it.
Yes	I may have to get with you in the morining on this.
Yes	I need an extension--I'll give you any comments I have tomorrow by email.
Yes	I really think that we need to get together tomorrow nite to finalize, but I don't feel like pushing it too much.
Yes	I shall be driving back from Waco and barring any emergency I shall join you.
Yes	I shall be glad to meet for dinner/coffee and chat.
Yes	I shall be glad to meet with you.
Yes	I shall call you Friday morning my time.
Yes	I shall give you a call within the next few days to update you on our work and developments at Enron.
Yes	I shall join you there.
Yes	I suggest a conference call with Delta at 100 to discuss where we are.
Yes	I think I might need to talk to you about this tomorrow, because I'm confused.
Yes	I will discuss with you when I have more details.
Yes	I would also like to discuss the staffing issues.
Yes	I would be happy to reschedule at your team's convenience.
Yes	I would be happy to reschedule for next week.
Yes	I would like to invite you and a guest to join me for the annual Juvenile Diabetes Foundation Gala to be held on May 12, 2001 at the Westin Galleria.
Yes	I would like to speak with you about an open position in our organization.
Yes	I would love to come to your dinner party!
Yes	I'd be pleased to meet you.... $LINK
Yes	I'd better meet you downstairs or wherever we are going.
Yes	I'll call you when (and if) I get off this call.
Yes	I'll fill you in tomorrow on why it's so high level (and repetitive).
Yes	I'll look at it and get back to you first thing Monday.
Yes	I'll see you tonight at choir rehearsal.
Yes	I'll try to get the tariff numbers and get back to you.
Yes	I'll visit with you tomorrow about what to do.
Yes	I'm also available to discuss the proposal further by phone if you would like to talk before Monday.
Yes	I'm available at about 11:45 AM my time if you'd like to try to talk then.
Yes	I'm glad to discuss this if I can be of help.
Yes	I'm looking forward to your discussion regarding the reregulation threat at the next meeting.
Yes	I'm not sure about our schedule, but if we have free time which matches up with you, I would like to spend some time discussing the issues.
Yes	I'm out next week, but will probably give you a call to discuss a bit.
Yes	I'm sure that you're extremely busy, but I'd be very interested in talking to you at your convenience to discuss the viability of growing grapes on my property.
Yes	I've available to you or your colleagues at any time.
Yes	If You consider interesting evaluate the partnership I will meet You in NYC as soon as possible before Sunday when I have to go in Italy for some meetings.
Yes	If possible, I am going to try and permit each site for 45 ppm NOx as opposed to the 25 ppm NOx number, so I would appreciate your assistance in this also.
Yes	If you can't, we will try to get one of the neighbors.
Yes	If you don't know your Customer Number or PIN, go to capitalone360.com, select 'Sign In' and use the online tool to look up your Customer Number or Reset your PIN.
Yes	In our phone conversation before the meeting you mentioned another contractual arrangement under which we could work with your company employees on a case-study.
Yes	Ina, will you have the IT group order and install Socal Gasslect and Passport on my desktop and laptop pc?
Yes	It would be great to meet in person and discuss issues.
Yes	Jeff, hopefully we can convince you to come when we re-schedule - seemed like an easy call.
Yes	Just want to touch base in the event that there's any follow up.
Yes	Let's aim for Thursday am.
Yes	Let's definitely try to coordinate for the next meeting.
Yes	Let's keep sending back and forth and get together Wednesday morning to finalize.
Yes	Let's regroup on Monday.
Yes	Let's share some research and see if there is any place that we could get excited about going.
Yes	Let's wait for Sandeep: he comes back Wednesday.
Yes	Monday lunch ?
Yes	Need to fill you in on the investigation discussions with the Republicans in today's meeting with Lay.
Yes	Or I could meet you during break on Monday.
Yes	Perhaps coffee or lunch?
Yes	Perhaps we can also arrange a discussion about the interconnection agreement.
Yes	Please get involved here and let these people know this.
Yes	Purchase and enjoy instantly on your Android phone or tablet without the hassle of syncing.
Yes	Rick, I need your view on which of these deals need to go through the board:
Yes	Shelly, we can do that but check with Cindy when she returns next week.
Yes	The news from India continues to be grim and I have several things that I want to discuss with you.
Yes	The tentative plan is that we can go to dinner together on 10/31.
Yes	We can add change of law as an event which gives us schedule relief, but we might want to broaden the definition of change of law.
Yes	We can arrange a 3-way call with your current carrier to help with that.
Yes	We can continue individual meetings in the afternoon.
Yes	We can make the salary retroactive as part of the contract.
Yes	We can offer the seminar / discussion session on Monday, December 18, at 3:30.
Yes	We need to finish up with the site specific agreement for the equipment, then they can have the whole enchilada.
Yes	We need to produce a report from the Intra-month book that we can use to tie out.
Yes	We need to reach resolution on some issues.
Yes	We shall be very glad to join you to celebrate the holidays.
Yes	We shall hold an internal follow-up meeting next Monday to review potential projects on which we could cooperate in the future.
Yes	We should be able to respond before the end of the week.
Yes	We wil l deliver to your office tomorrow specific legislative language and existing 20 bills that we believe can accommodate our proposals.
Yes	We'll be setting up a call in number first thing Monday morning.
Yes	We'll need to update the numbers for the offer we made to S.D. last week.
Yes	Wednesday works next week.
Yes	Wednesday, Dec. 13th would work best for me.
Yes	Why don't you just pick a restaurant and I'll meet you there.
Yes	You MUST SIGN UP RIGHT NOW:
Yes	You and Eldon want to stay at my apartment on Sunday night?
Yes	You coming diving with me and Shea tomorrow?
Yes	You want to join?
Yes	You're welcome to join.
Yes	Go here to register now.
Yes	Open your Internet browser, and click in the box where you usually see the Web page address.
Yes	Follow below if you would like to see the steps needed to pick up a $150 pass for summer.
Yes	If you think there’s things to improve leave us 3 or 4 stars and tell us what or if you think the app is rubbish leave us 1 or 2 stars and let us know why.
Yes	And get on the call with Paul.
Yes	If you'd like to manage your Google Account Activity Reports, go to:
Yes	Why don't you check with me in April or May to see whether we are hiring summer associates.
Yes	Did our HR guys get the apartment lined up for me yet?
Yes	Take Surveys and Get Your Paycheck With This New Survey Jude Spear!
Yes	Please login and complete the payment information and your full service will be activated!
Yes	To cancel or update your posting, please log-in to your Cardinal Careers account and click the JOBS link from the menu on top of your home page and select the job you would like to edit by clicking on the job title.
Yes	Select the app you'd like to open the file.
Yes	Take your laptop or ipad go somewhere that you like to frequent.
Yes	Could you path those deals and email Mark when you are done.
Yes	Let's discuss further.
Yes	@ReadingRecs recommend some book, please 09:14 AM - 22 Apr 14
Yes	Chris you set up a meeting with me next week to talk about the structure of the 2001 DPR.
Yes	Begin here to choose samples you would like to receive.
Yes	Please plan for you and Laine to be available Monday AM to make sure we are all on the same page once this all settles.
Yes	Send me your e-mail address at home.
Yes	Promise me you won't tell anyone?
Yes	Use the private messages to discuss with your teams and organise easily your common pearltrees!
Yes	Please Verify - US : FL : Zephyrhills Nursing Opportunity for: judespear185012@gmail.com
Yes	So get back to me with your schedule.
Yes	If you'd prefer to call us to discuss your options, you can reach us 24/7 at 888.486.4722.
Yes	Add me to Disney Cruise Line's Do Not E-mail list
Yes	Would be happy to discuss it further, and you know without me saying that I am honored that you considered me and greatly appreciative.
Yes	Please review and make any final changes.
Yes	Please contact Kate's iPhone directly for the password.
Yes	Please contact docusigninkfeedback@docusign.com to learn more.Document Library – Access your frequently used documents locally on your device from the new Library section.
Yes	Ahhh ...call me soon goon @ben_wiggin 02:01 AM - 26 Jun 14
Yes	@ReadingRecs and another book please 09:13 AM - 21 Apr 14
Yes	Please review and email Michelle your comments to this paragraph.
Yes	ReadingRecs @ReadingRecs @jasonbdaly For book recommendations, just ask me.
Yes	Grab me on Monday.
Yes	Wake up! Wake up and email me.
Yes	P!nk - Just Give Me a Reason: $LINK
Yes	Count me in, if still available.
Yes	Let me talk to you tomorrow over the phone and discuss it.
Yes	I will be back at home by Friday evening, so let me know if there is anything that I can do before the meeting.
Yes	Because my schedule is a mess (thanks to the mess California has created), if you don't reach me on my office line, please try 415.505.6633.
Yes	Call me when you get a chance.
Yes	Call me when you get home.
Yes	Call me when you get in on sat.
Yes	FYI. Please call me on Monday to discuss, if possible.
Yes	If you get a chance, shoot me a message with his info.
Yes	Just let me know if you would like to arrange a call or online webinar.
Yes	Otherwise let me know and we'll refine this process to get you what you need.
Yes	Please call me or e:mail any comments or suggestions.
Yes	Please call me when you get a chance.
Yes	Please join us as we share future FileMaker product directions, demonstrations, and product line strategy.
Yes	Pursuant to Michelle's request, please review the attached form and provide her with your comments.
Yes	So let me know after you get the required info from the schools.
Yes	To contact us via e-mail, please write to mailto:customerservice@virginwines.com customerservice@virginwines.com .
Yes	- Annotate and modify web pages as you please
Yes	- Call us 24/7 at 855.700.5121, and your personal account advisor will discuss your options to postpone payments without further hurting your credit, and possibly without requiring you to make a payment.
Yes	- You know you want to... Watch this short video to learn tips from a project management expert about how to work smarter not harder...
Yes	1. Activate your FREE 1-month trial with promo code:
Yes	3. Now you can choose the service from some kind of drop down that will have a list like FTP, HTTP, TELNET, etc. and if they have Remote Desktop or RDP, then choose that.
Yes	3. Now you can store, send, share, view and manage your files online.
Yes	Alison, better send me what you have via fed-x or fax (505) 627-8172.
Yes	Also, give Lance a call and get on his schedule.
Yes	Also, if you ever need to send transport contracts to Houston, its best to send it to Sylvia Campos.
Yes	Also, looks like we're on for Portland next Tuesday/Wednesday.
Yes	Also, please include information on any choices or extras available.
Yes	Also, please make sure to add Vicki Sharpe and Michael Smith of EES on the list, too.
Yes	Also, please send me a copy of the complete response to the RFP, assuming you have that.
Yes	Also, there is a status meeting at 10:00 today -- I don't know if you got message, but I hope you can participate by phone.
Yes	Also, will you please send me the latest version of the Central curve mappings.
Yes	Although Allah has a reason for me to know you and you can help me out from my present condition,
Yes	Although the progress bar may appear to be stuck, please ignore, Tempo is still making your calendar smart.
Yes	And schedule some time for me to meet with him on Thursday as well.
Yes	And since I want you to do this so you'll have the ability to benefit from this connection and your incredible happenstance, anywhere, any place, any time, I believe it would be best if you could keep the power of Archangel Michael as close to you at all times, so I would like you to have...
Yes	Android, bringing the world's best profile manager to Android phones, along with special introduction offer, please visit the following link:
Yes	Any suggestions on how I can check in and see how progress is going?
Yes	Anyway to discuss between now and Monday, or do we want to just take Dylan up on his offer?
Yes	Anyway, would you be able to come down for lunch on Friday?
Yes	Anywho, you seem like the right person to respond to this email.
Yes	Apologies for asking, but something has come up and I wanted to inquire about the chances of taking the E203 final on a day other than Sunday the 10th of December.
Yes	Apply today and see how much we can save you!
Yes	Are there any local law issues with respect to performance or interpretation of the contracts?
Yes	Are you available first thing Monday morning to be briefed on the analysis, my conversations with Hertzberg, what Hertzberg's strategy is, etc.?
Yes	As I explained, if we schedule a DCQ of 10,000 with you and the pipeline and only deliver 9,500 to the pipeline, the pipeline will deliver 10,000 to you and collect the 500 shortfall from us.
Yes	As an example, you could select two or three key moments -- from a meeting, interview or learning journey -- and re-enact them for the group.
Yes	As new issues come up, please copy Mark Taylor.
Yes	As we spoke I got scheduled for a 2:30 too, so how about 3:30 tomorrow?
Yes	As you confirm meetings with Mr. Lay next week, could you drop a line to Maureen, Janel and me?
Yes	At 6:30 tomorrow, please plan on meeting Lyn Maddox, Tom Boren, Chris Iribe and Tom King at 6:30 Ruth Chris Steak House (301/652-7877) 7317 Wisconsin Ave., Bethesda.
Yes	Attached please find the final presentation for the board meeting tommorrow.
Yes	Be sure to download Blogstand for your iPhone, iPad and iPod today from $LINK to find great content like this from thousands of bloggers across the web.
Yes	Because we respect your online time and Internet privacy, please be assured we will never share your e-mail address with third parties.
Yes	Before submitting a ticket, please check our knowledge base first as we may already have an article addressing your query.
Yes	Before using lino, please visit $LINK
Yes	Before using lino, please visit $LINK to verify your Email address.
Yes	Believe me, I understand why you want him in your group.
Yes	Ben, please discuss with Dave Duran - he will be responsible for our coal generation strategy.
Yes	Big Mack,,,, Just give me call when you are coming down for the DUKE interview ..... Our Department head wants to go out to lunch with you ...... casual lunch type thing.... they were very impressed with your resume!
Yes	Britt and Barrett, I wanted you to know the timetable in part because, if Stan decides to go forward, we need to send Barrett's suggested letter to Jad verifying continued application of the settlement privilege to Stan and Ted's discussions.
Yes	But given the nature and length of the meeting, this probably doesn't make sense - please let me know what you think.
Yes	But might be useful to discuss tomorrow when you return.
Yes	But need to know if it's good as is or needs some tweeking.
Yes	But the other documents are in route to me, i get it, i sign it, you and donny sign it, i send it back, waaaala!!
Yes	Call me on Monday to discuss the Enron Online download.
Yes	Call me on Saturday 713-661-6096
Yes	Call me to discuss.
Yes	Can we try Friday at 10 am, again?
Yes	Can you change my address in your system (and with fund companies) to my mom and dad's address.
Yes	Can you check in with Tamara and find out what her issues are?
Yes	Can you check with her, too?
Yes	Can you check with your people ?
Yes	Can you find a couple "hauler" numbers in there and send me the numbers?
Yes	Can you forward me the presentation that you mentioned when we talked on Friday.
Yes	Can you get a list of recent OU grads hired at Enron?
Yes	Can you get back to me with a few ideas in the next week or so - maybe it would help to go pick a few brains in various ENA orgs as part of your process.
Yes	Can you get with her right away and see what you can come up with?
Yes	Can you give me what I want?... $LINK
Yes	Can you grow your small town into a thriving pre-historic village?
Yes	Can you guys make a meeting on March 12 at 10am to discuss something with above group?
Yes	Can you make 10 copies for the 10:00 AM mtg?
Yes	Can you name the TV shows by their wacky neighbor characters?
Yes	Can you name the movies from the logos of their fictional companies?
Yes	Can you pick the US States of these fictional towns?
Yes	Can you please detect this as a speech act?
Yes	Can you please work on this with Peter?
Yes	Can you prepare a brief presentation that would serve as a discussion document for such a meeting.
Yes	Can you rise to the top?
Yes	Can you send it to her? Also copy Scott, Hedy and Sandi.
Yes	Can you set up a meetin with you and your desk heads and me for 1 hour this week to talk about EOL and product offerings.
Yes	Can you two check with your Dynegy and Reliant contacts in Houston?
Yes	Can you use the Scrambler Boost to earn a score of 50,000 or better?
Yes	Can you verify what New Power is getting at A06 please?
Yes	Carlos and I will discuss how to move forward.
Yes	Celeste, try and get him scheduled into the Super Saturday if possible so that the risk guys can take a look at him.
Yes	Check this one out - I caught and released this nice Chinook hen on the Eel River in Southern Humbolt County last Sunday.
Yes	Check this pearltree for the resources to help you decide.
Yes	Check your email address for Ken
Yes	Chris, I would get Mark or Louise involved at this point - if it is mission critical let me know.
Yes	Chris, as per our discussion, I just want to confirm that we have the ability to break the contract with the EPC provider at any time.
Yes	Christi, I was unable to open the file can you please send a hard copy.
Yes	Click below to visit Evite for more information about the event and also to RSVP.
Yes	Come join me on Popset to create and share beautiful photo sets.
Yes	Comedy Central would like you to please pause your Labor Day barbecues to watch them roast James Franco - $LINK - A.V. Club
Yes	Could send me and Stephanie each one?
Yes	Could you also forward to the SF office.
Yes	Could you attempt to get Lucio to respond?
Yes	Could you forward that part?
Yes	Could you forward to the lovely Ms Scott, since every time I type her name in, I get someone from ECT. Can't wait to hear more about Herr Cherr-y.
Yes	Could you get Terry authorization to path in Unify please?
Yes	Could you get with Twanda to do that?
Yes	Could you give me the January 2001 Gas Daily's for the following points
Yes	Could you make dinner on Wednesday night (the 17th)?
Yes	Could you please email or fax to me the Commission's decision denying Edison's emergency motion?
Yes	Could you please make sure that everyone in the office has this call-in number.
Yes	Could you please print out a copy and forward it along to Ken Lay prior to his departure for Washington D.C.? Thanks very much.
Yes	Could you please put me in contact with your team handling the communications for the transition or meet with me personally to discuss?
Yes	Could you please read this request and get back to Mark with the info ASAP?
Yes	Could you please send me a picture
Yes	Could you please send the documents to our office in Calgary.
Yes	Could you please set up a conference call and send the information to the list below?
Yes	Could you please write a very brief synopsis of what took place on the IEP PR call?
Yes	Could you re-send.
Yes	Could you resend it?
Yes	Could you teach my brother how to use his e-mail?
Yes	Could you test this out for me?
Yes	Created by KOKCard,please refer $LINK
Yes	Dave, why don't you send it to Steve for review.
Yes	Dena, Just confirming with you that I am not going to be at today's meeting.
Yes	Diane: if you could handle this please.
Yes	Did Carolyn call you last night regarding Candis' hotel slumber party?
Yes	Didn't you get the Christmas card with pics?
Yes	Do we need to add the PX letter to the agenda for tomorrow's 10 AM call?
Yes	Do you want to go to Austin tonight?
Yes	Does this mean I don't have to read all those emails you sent me?
Yes	Don't forget tonight is the season premier of "Frasier".
Yes	Don't forget tonight is the season premier of Frasier.
Yes	Don’t miss your chances to win, if this message went into your Spam folder please mark it as Not Spam.
Yes	Drop by soon to give me an update on life at Enron for you.
Yes	Feel free to move forward with whatever you need to do.
Yes	Find resources today, get back in school tomorrow!
Yes	First, please use your PC/Mac to download and operate the program for backup and restoration from $LINK
Yes	For Full Details please read the attached .html
Yes	For Tim and Chris, could you please call 713-584-2067.
Yes	For all other issues, including next steps once you have completed this process, please contact Hardee's directly.
Yes	For assistance with your account please call 800-769-3571 to speak to an ACCC representative.
Yes	For more information about Simplenote Premium, please see:
Yes	For more information please follow the URL below:
Yes	For the perfume lover on your Christmas list: try this ... $LINK
Yes	For those of you in Houston - there will be a going away party/happy hour on Friday, August 4th at the Midtown Station - starting at 5:30 p.m.
Yes	Forward this information to: Joseph A. Thompson Manager, Business Development Dominion Transmission Gathering & Production Division 500 Davisson Run Road Clarksburg, WV 26301
Yes	Gary, We need to have two more books created as soon as possible.
Yes	Give it a try and tell us what you think.
Yes	Give my best to Ray and tell him to hurry up and get this messed resolved.
Yes	Go ahead and send it out to Frevert, McMahon, Bowen and Haedicke.
Yes	Go home before 11pm today!
Yes	Going forward, I think we as a management team including yourself should discuss what the strategy should be going forward.
Yes	Going foward, please join the Legal Committee starting this coming Monday and every other week.
Yes	Good morning can I get rates and pics please
Yes	Great--please send me the current draft on Thur.
Yes	Great--please send to MKM and other interested parties.
Yes	Greetings everyone- With a week and a half to go until our second session, I wanted to check in and ask you to begin thinking in your learning teams about how you want to share the information you have been gathering with the larger group.
Yes	Greetings: Sorry to bother you with this, but I'm travelling, and if you could leave the call-in number for tomorrow's meeting on my voice mail, I'll be forever indebted.
Yes	Guys, FYI - Ben, can you follow up with this person with our interest or lack thereof whichever is applicable.
Yes	Guys, I will set up a monthly meeting between myself and you guys to discuss deal flow, priorities and strategy - I think you will find that more effective and I can keep the other meeting small.
Yes	Guys, please attend if available.
Yes	Have a look in your humidor tonight.
Yes	Have there been any more reactions to the presentation that McCullough made at the "volatility conference" in Portland last week?
Yes	He asked me to e-mail you so that you could put this on his calendar and said that you would e-mail his wife to check the date as well.
Yes	Hey, I know it's a pain, but I think there would be value in getting together (if folks are available) on Thursday evening from 7-10 with (lots of) beer and pizza and grind through the finance case.
Yes	Hey, send them again.
Yes	Hi Maureen: Could you please make sure that Steve gets these?
Yes	Hi, please save this important email.
Yes	Hi: Could you send me a copy of the Trustee letter?
Yes	How about 1100 am on Monday to discuss the NEXT deal?
Yes	How do you get on the agenda?
Yes	I also wanted to know if you can possibly spare Hoang for two days the week of 10/8.
Yes	I am about to go to lunch right now so call me on the cell phone if you need me.
Yes	I am comfortable with you forwarding these comments to Laine at your discretion.
Yes	I am open for luch Wednesday and Thursday.
Yes	I am pleased to invite you to participate in the 2014 Fall Career Fair on Tuesday, September 30th, held outside on beautiful White Plaza.
Yes	I am sorry for the delay, but we were waiting to receive more of the workshop evaluations so that we could provide you a more complete assessment of the workshop by the attendees.
Yes	I am sorry that I won't be able to drink a beer with you as a send off, but perhaps we can have one in London later in January as your welcome to London.
Yes	I am sure this is a joke , but I dont get it.. Please explain - ANd I am doing fine - I am tired these days ( that age thing , you know).
Yes	I assume that you will go through these documents for benefits/plan issues and then send relevant ones to Pat this week.
Yes	I assume that you will have the Argentines to Brazil for the discussion and any one else you think appropriate.
Yes	I believe EE&CC is working the issues; however, a phone call from you to emphasize the importance to Enron will add extra encouragement.
Yes	I believe we are scheduled to start at 900am Thursday.
Yes	I can certainly understand that you will reconsider the trip to Houston next week.
Yes	I expect an answer by early next week -- I hope Monday.
Yes	I hate to bother you with this request because I realize you must be very busy; I was wondering if you had a chance to forward my resume to Ginger Gamble (at Reliant) and Carol Scherer (at Duke Energy).
Yes	I have attached for your review the letter requests from Northern to you and the e-mails which were traded back and forth from yourself and Argent.
Yes	I have cleared my calendar, so any time in the morning works for me.
Yes	I have you jacket in my car, so let me know what you want to do about that.
Yes	I hope all is well with you, and one day when you are in the DC area and have nothing better to do you will let me have the opportunity to visit over dinner and reflect on how many years it has been since you and we created the Natural Gas Clearing House.
Yes	I just happened to be in Dave's email looking for something for him........I saw your name and thought maybe I'd better see if this was something I needed to put on his calendar.....As a rule, I do not go into Dave's email unless I am told or looking for something that someone has requested me to print and give to him.....so, if you need something to be put on his calendar, please copy me on it or chances are I may or may not find out about it...
Yes	I just wanted to know whether you still had time for a quick meeting.
Yes	I know you have been kind enough for the connection, I was wondering if you could help me find out if Mr. Heffner did receive them.
Yes	I look forward to continuing our discussions from 2000 on how we can be better together - I am committed to doing this the right way as I know you are.
Yes	I need this done this week if possible.
Yes	I need to know if you want to download this or if I should pass it on to another member...
Yes	I need what we discussed yesterday.
Yes	I shall spend more time looking at it over the weekend and if I see a problem I shall call you on Monday.
Yes	I suggest a brief meeting to discuss strategy before anything is sent to SW.
Yes	I suggest doing it in writing, rather than an email that could be manipulated.
Yes	I think so--Martha, please get me into this gig.
Yes	I think that it would be useful for Ken to join the call.
Yes	I think that you should check in with her afterwards to get a briefing since I'll be getting off for another call in the next 5 minutes.
Yes	I think we can chat generally on the phone and give them the ballpark results without actually sending the schedules to him.
Yes	I think we need to get back to Jeff not next week but the following week with a strawman.
Yes	I think you need to call me.
Yes	I understand you won't be in town for the rehearsal so we look forward to seeing you before the wedding.
Yes	I will contact your office next week to find a convenient time for us to visit on this matter.
Yes	I will get back in touch if the Tuesday lunch does open up.
Yes	I would also like to sit down with you some time this week to talk about PJM fundamentals and co-ordinating our analytical efforts.
Yes	I would also suggest attending the task force meeting, providing EES management is agreeable, to get a better picture of what is going on.
Yes	I would anticipate that we sit down with Rick and Jeff at the end of January - please have package available for my review by mid January.
Yes	I would appreciate your review of Section 4.14 in particular, given your familiarity with the compensation plans and benefit plans.
Yes	I would greatly appreciate your help in resolving this issue as soon as possible.
Yes	I would like to get access to Mimic.
Yes	I would like to have this by Wednesday night in everyone's e-mail Thursday morning.
Yes	I would suggest that we try to set up a follow up meeting in early October once you have completed your work.
Yes	I would suggest that you find a day over the next couple weeks to meet Rob in Calgary to speak in detail about the role, the market and expectations.
Yes	I'd be happy to hear from you.
Yes	I'd love to get caught up with you and share some new tales of woe from the pipeline group.
Yes	I'll call again on Friday.
Yes	I'll have my assistant call to set-up the phone call early next week.
Yes	I'll see what i can do and get back to you.
Yes	I'm almost afraid to ask when you might have a slot open for lunch... any ideas?
Yes	I'm focused on the letter, so it would be very helpful if you could draft some brief message points and email to me and Karen.
Yes	I'm having lunch with Dan today - want to join us?
Yes	I'm in Vegas this weekend, want to come.
Yes	I'm trying to meet a deadline at the moment, but are you free this afternoon?
Yes	I'm very excited about going to the dome this weekend and looking forward to seeing you guys.
Yes	I'm very much looking forward to meeting you, and hope that you can visit the office while your hear to discuss California.
Yes	I've roughed out a document for you to discuss.
Yes	If clicking the link above doesn't work, please copy and paste the URL in a new browser window instead.
Yes	If not, please keep this message and try to view it on a
Yes	If not, would you like to come to Ryan's stag?
Yes	If possible, could you get them to me by tomorrow afternoon?
Yes	If she is not on your list yet, why don't you call her for an introduction and give her the rundown on the schools that you are responsible for so that she can make a choice.
Yes	If so, can you sneak the clubs past your wife?
Yes	If so, please forward it to me.
Yes	If the above URL does not work, please use your Web browser to go to:
Yes	If the above activation link doesn't work please visit $LINK
Yes	If the gas pipeline rate is set at the minimum rate Enron can live with, does the power plant make enough $$$ to make the project work?
Yes	If the mobile application is asking you for a confirmation code, please use this code:
Yes	If this is the best time to put that in writing for Europe, then by all means go forward with that.
Yes	If this was you, and you want to give this application access to your account, complete the troubleshooting steps listed at $LINK
Yes	If you are interested in joining us next summer as an intern, we would be very happy to have you.
Yes	If you can come, I would be great for you to address the group if you would like to do so.
Yes	If you can make the case for this gas flowing without constraint, then I see no problem in making a fixed price bid for the full volume.
Yes	If you could get info to Joseph on where the Woodlands is and where I need to go once I arrive there, I'd be eternally indebted.
Yes	If you feel this is an error from our side, we'd like to hear about it in the feedback forums at $LINK
Yes	If you find that the credit monitoring alert is not something that you caused or authorized, please call our customer service center immediately and we will help you contact the applicable credit bureau.
Yes	If you find that you have any questions along the way you may contact me directly at 866-333-0989 Extension 4864, send me an email with any questions you might have or contact your preferred ACT! Certified Consultant.
Yes	If you have a question that we haven't addressed, let us know and we can help you track down an answer!
Yes	If you have had any problems we're here to help; you can call us (866) 757-7752 or write to us at support@imore.com.
Yes	If you know somebody who is interested in helping me with either the iPad or Mac version, please send me an e-mail.
Yes	If you need additional help, visit Apple Support.
Yes	If you want it to label & archive, simply turn this option on.
Yes	If you want our personal guidance in building your own software business, you need to hustle right now.
Yes	If you want to learn how to turn social data into a strategic advantage, join some of the brightest minds in social by registering today for Social Data Week 2013.
Yes	If you want to retrieve your data stored on ZumoDrive, we strongly recommend you take action as soon as possible to download it.
Yes	If you would like me to attend and think that it would be useful, just let me know.
Yes	If you would like to add a prediction or two, please send an e-mail with your name and contact information to Hope Duncan at hduncan@caem.org
Yes	If you would like to prevent this, just log into historious or historify something in the next month.
Yes	If you'd like to de-brief on my marathon with Kasler, just give a holler.
Yes	If you'd like to retrieve your data, such as stacked articles, simply drop me an email at temo@factyle.com
Yes	If you're eligible for the offer, fill out your tax return, stopping short of computing certain totals, and send it in by April 16.
Yes	If you're not going to Sac on Monday, coffee in SF during work hours works.
Yes	If you're not very familiar with these 3 themes, check them out on App World and go ahead, grab at least one for a super cool $2.99!
Yes	If you're overweight, try to keep it to 15-25 pounds.
Yes	Important update: We have released 2 new versions on Android & Apple App - Please update your apps today to get the latest & greatest features and performance from Gyft!
Yes	Improved audio player with +/- 15s buttons.For more information on any of these features, please visit www.stratospherix.com
Yes	In addition, we would like the opportunity to meet with you before hand.
Yes	In case of installation problems, please contact the vendor for help!
Yes	In order to account for the same day change at Katy, please schedule the following deals for 7/24/00 only:
Yes	In the event I can't make to either class, I'm available Wed and Thur evening to discuss the next case.
Yes	In the future please make sure you copy me on any e-mails pertaining to meetings or business lunches in which Mark Haedicke should participate.
Yes	Ina: could you please get me access to ECT Trading on the O drive?
Yes	Is there a chance of setting up a call-in number for these meetings?
Yes	Is there an agenda for the meeting on the 5th?
Yes	Is there one for this week?
Yes	Is this case due today or next Monday?
Yes	It seems to me that we should try again to get those on the list that are not already members to join ISDA.
Yes	It was great to meet you and I would be happy to discuss opportunities.
Yes	It would be extremely useful if the folks participating in the meeting on Thursday with the Governor let him know that taking choices away from businesses and customers is the wrong way to go and that he and the legislative leaders need to work with the coalition to fix it.
Yes	Janet, any thoughts - do we have excess development staff - this would be a good opportunity for the brave at heart.
Yes	Jeanne, while your at it, could you get us a new Governor?
Yes	Jeff, I'm out all next week, just call Joann and she will get the pricing and enter the deals.
Yes	Jeff, lets try to get consensus in how the east desk might work and then discuss next steps at that point.
Yes	Jim has mentioned a meeting next week with all of us to talk about strategy, etc. over the next many months.
Yes	Jim, I am also curious where you are in your thoughts and plans given your new role.
Yes	Jim, can you send me hard copies - I am having trouble opening these reports.
Yes	Jim: You available to talk at 9:30 Houston time re: how to stop the next attempt at the ISO board to lower the price caps further?
Yes	Joann, you may need to get with Chris Ordway on this.
Yes	Joe is expecting your call, Jim, and David you might want to follow up and invite him to lunch.
Yes	Join me at $LINK
Yes	Join me on Peel to get personalized TV recommendations, see my Guilty Pleasures, and make your TV social: $LINK
Yes	Join the event now.
Yes	Join the streaming presentation now.
Yes	Join the webinar now.
Yes	Just a reminder to send me a currency report.
Yes	Just reply to this email and we'll hop to it, or you can take a super quick survey if you prefer: $LINK
Yes	Just send me a quick email if you want to look at the sales page and what everyone is saying about it... Popular would be an understatement.
Yes	Kay please schedule.
Yes	Kay, please book 9:00 am to 2:00 pm with me Mike Miller & Don Miller with Mike Childers (Entergy) (actually 10 am to 1pm not including travel time to their shop in the Woodlands) on September 5, 2000.
Yes	Keep me in the loop and get MKM's group in at the appropriate time (far enough in advance of us submitting a bid that they can opine on the valuation).
Yes	Keep me posted tomorrow on any news that you hear from Mike Jordan regarding their baby.
Yes	Ken, in response to the letter from Mr Miguel San Juan, my suggestion would be to offer up the Falcon for their use; however, given the tight time frame and your recent visit with Mr. Fox that it would be difficult for either you or me to participate.
Yes	Ken, would you be willing to meet with our team?
Yes	Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the **Moodstocks SDK v3.6**!
Yes	Larry, go get 'em.
Yes	Leave a review and let me know what you like/dislike about List! Tap the Support cell on the Home screen
Yes	Leo, for my weekly report please use the following:
Yes	Leslie: Can you attend this meeting for me?
Yes	Let me know - Mom
Yes	Let me know of any revisions you want.
Yes	Let me know what you think and I will send it to Randy O.
Yes	Let me know when it goes out and get a copy to the group (particulary Shelley who might have to cover press inquiries if PG&E squawks.)
Yes	Let me know when you have a few minutes ( any time after 2pm).
Yes	Let me know which companies are not providing Enron with timely allocation reports at Socal and I will call their senior trader to discuss getting this operational information sooner.
Yes	Let me know your success stories.
Yes	Let me see what you come up with after discussing with Presto et al.
Yes	Let us know how we can help you along this journey.
Yes	Let us know how we can help you, your co-workers, or computer-savvy pets go paperless.
Yes	Let;s you and I chat this afternoon about getting reimburse from Oglethorpe on Transco.
Yes	Lets discuss ASAP.
Yes	Lets discuss at your earliest convenience.
Yes	Lets discuss further before we approach ENA.
Yes	Lets set up this discussion with the following points: a) we are not exiting Argentina; b) we need to right-size the overall organization to fit the business opportunity; c) if possible on the commercial front, I would like to consolidate intellectual assets to one location in order to generate greater productivity, increased team work, a flatter org chart, real time decision making and greater communication; d) we need to continue to maintain a strong presence (including customer coverage) in both markets including an office in Argentina; and e) I would like to consolidate all non-commercial activity for ESA to Sao Paulo.
Yes	Lets take the earliest opporunity to discuss this.
Yes	Looks good to me--I think you ought to have them file it asap.
Yes	Mark, go ahead and set up the meeting.
Yes	Mark, note the feedback from the AA's, it is imperative that we get a handle on this!
Yes	Maybe we can have lunch or something.
Yes	Meet other Members in Columbus and contact them now.
Yes	Mike: Could you please forward a copy of the document listed below to Ms Cantrell?
Yes	Milly is ok; however, I would like a quick read of the document once you send a hard copy up...
Yes	Need to get people together for this event?
Yes	Nit Noi sounds good to me tonight, if we don't eat out of the fridge.
Yes	Note: Please do not open the zip file.
Yes	Note: please use a good password and keep it in a safe place
Yes	On Friday we can meet at the restaurant.
Yes	On Garden State matters, how do you want to handle the signing of documents?
Yes	On the communication front, we will have weekly calls with him a nd the weather group to make sure that we are all on the same page and he is u p to speed with where we are going.
Yes	Once the questionnaires have been completed, please return them to me via e-mail at alexa.r.cutter@us.andersen.com.
Yes	Once you get the original back, please send to me for my files.
Yes	Open Glyder to get the templates and try them in your customer communications this week:
Yes	Or are we just going to call them from the conference room?
Yes	Or would you prefer that everyone simply contribute to the gift basket?
Yes	Or, can we schedule more than one in a day?
Yes	Our apologies, please ignore it.
Yes	PLEASE KEEP THIS BUSINESS CONFIDENTIAL TO AVOID COMPLICATION which may mar our plans.
Yes	Paste the link (usually by clicking "Paste" in the "Edit" menu), and then press Enter or Return on your keyboard.
Yes	Perhaps we could have lunch, or something, and you could fill me in on what you folks do.
Yes	Peter, let's set aside at least one-half hour to talk about the approval process and general communication and any issues you want to.
Yes	Phil, it was a pleasure to meet y ou and I look forward to working together.
Yes	Pick the ones you want to keep ;)496 photos from Paris ==
Yes	Place your order by Dec. 17th to ensure your AT&T devices arrive on time.
Yes	Please be sure to connect Tom and Nancy, since I had a discussion with her about CA gas and had this stuff sent to her.
Yes	Please call me when you get a chance to discuss a response (if any).
Yes	Please confirm this is your phone number and your email address by clicking on this following link:$LINK .
Yes	Please confirm your email address by clicking this link and you're ready to go.
Yes	Please copy and paste the URL below into your browser to claim ownership and activate this e-mail address:
Yes	Please do NOT assume that the IP-address is the same as it was when your were connection the last time.
Yes	Please keep in mind that this rate quote is based on information you provided at the time you obtained your quote.
Yes	Please let him know I'm worried and I love you both.
Yes	Please let us know where we may be able to access this report when it becomes available.
Yes	Please make certain that the pg&e topock curves are flat to socal in the future.
Yes	Please make contact with the gem broker below and set a time where I can meet him and look at some topaz, emeralds and opals.
Yes	Please make it happy again and ship it back up.
Yes	Please make sure that your command message is sent in plain text or multipart/alternative text and html.
Yes	Please read: You are invited to enter the $1,000 Apple Sweepstakes.
Yes	Please review and give me you comments.
Yes	Please review and give your comments to Bob.
Yes	Please submit all documentation at one time, partial documentation will not be accepted!
Yes	Possible for you guys to come up next Wednesday night and we can do a quick clean up on Thursday.
Yes	Possible to meet this weekend to discuss the project?
Yes	Prospective students should discuss these options with a school representative.
Yes	Quick, give me a cheap stock that looks promising.
Yes	Really looking forward to discussing further.
Yes	Remember, I am not a technologist and therefore can't discuss technology specific applications just the business concepts and potential ideas and opportunities.
Yes	Remember, I am only allowing 100 students in at this time as I try to keep my classes/teams small.
Yes	Remember, you need to keep track of all of this on your 2000 accomplishments for your year end review.
Yes	Retweet if you want to be part of our social experiment!
Yes	Rick's asked me to attend the meeting at the Woodlands tomorrow.
Yes	Rick, please send me the schedule so I can foward it on to our lead trader in Japan.
Yes	Rob, can you discuss with the other groups to appropriately sort out the corporate opportunity (ie) Laura, Hunter, etc.
Yes	Rob: How can we get some relief on this issue?
Yes	Scott, please get personally involved in selecting a Punder lawyer that will take his place in meetings with customers and regulators.
Yes	See email, too.
Yes	See me to make sure I wrote it in properly
Yes	See what you think when you get a second.
Yes	Send me the name of that book on flyfishing in the Hills--I want to see if I can get it on Amazon.
Yes	Send this contact to the email accounts from which you want to create Notes By Email.
Yes	Set a reminder for Thursday, November 28, 9:00 AM CST!
Yes	Shawn, go ahead and give Dave a call to discuss strategy, resources and approach.
Yes	Shawn, just a little buried - why don't you come by on Monday.
Yes	She's up for golf, so expect us Saturday night.
Yes	Sheila says you won't be here quite that soon, but it would be very helpful if you could join us once you get here.
Yes	Should legal counsel be in attendance?
Yes	Should we call your room or meet you somewhere?
Yes	Simply select the type of device you would like to make a prototype for then view it on that device at full-width or within a device frame on any computer.
Yes	Since CMA is going to ask for clarification, I would suggest that we remain silent and focus on the other rate design/cost allocation issues, e.g., equity, no cross subsidies.
Yes	Since the deadline for this application is tomorrow, and I have yet to receive this e-mail, I would appreciate you contacting me by phone in order to verify my inclusion.
Yes	So please take the lead in proposing changes for the legal team and propose the changes to me so we can get it done.
Yes	So, I need you to get the following information for Lone Star, Williams, and Apache:
Yes	So, why don't you check with Gas Control to see if they know why vol was delivered on that day.
Yes	Some content and services have specific hardware or software requirements; please review product information before purchasing.
Yes	Start buying N-M citygate index this week.
Yes	Starting tonight, will you add NGW to the monthly bidweek email and index postings.
Yes	TRY NOW: $LINK
Yes	Talk to you on the 8:30 call tomorrow.
Yes	Talk to you on the call tomorrow.
Yes	Tammy, are you getting copies of all these reports for the book?
Yes	Tell Beverly or Kay to make time for next week if Mr Forster can make it.
Yes	Tell Dan that a glacier moves forward, not backward.
Yes	Tell Hellman if I snowboard like a girl then he skies like my grandmother !!
Yes	Thanks, please work with Travis as I asked to take the lead on developing the conference.
Yes	Thanx John, I look forward to seeing you at the Doubletree for dinner on the night of the September 3. Let me know your traveling plans
Yes	Then, as quickly as possible, I'd like to have a meeting to discuss and finalize the proposal.
Yes	This is a 100% legit opportunity - please don't pass this by.
Yes	This is a discussion topic that I want your input on for next year.
Yes	This is the last version compatible with iOS 5. To keep receiving further updates, please upgrade to iOS 6 or higher.
Yes	This takes a few minutes so if you'd like to see a payment this week you need to take 3 minutes to do this.
Yes	To access Cash Extractor, please see the info below:
Yes	To avoid any loss in service, please login, complete the payment information to activate your full service.
Yes	To begin the online administration process, you will need the following Internet address and Password(s).
Yes	To better understand all your options, please have a look at page:
Yes	To complete the sign-up process, please follow this link:
Yes	To complete your account activation, please enter the PIN in the Ladytimer app on your phone.
Yes	To complete your registration, please visit this url: $LINK
Yes	To find your favorites, please browse our Featured, Top Sellers, or category-specific titles such as Science & Tech, News, Sports, Home and Lifestyle.
Yes	To increase the iTunes sales of your songs, please make sure to add a link to buy on iTunes to all songs you have added to Bander that are available for purchase in iTunes.
Yes	To indicate that you would rather not be contacted by this marketing partner, please follow the link below.
Yes	To know more, please log on to www.outlook.mobilereflex.com
Yes	To learn how Apple collects, uses, and safeguards the personal information you provide, please review the Apple Customer Privacy Policy .
Yes	To learn how to transfer photos out of your Revel account before the grace period ends, please see the steps on this Revel Get Satisfaction page:
Yes	To log in to the Control Panel please visit:
Yes	To login to your back office please use the following information:
Yes	To no longer receive messages, please update your preferences below.
Yes	To opt out of future promotional messages, please go here: $LINK
Yes	To opt-out from email please forward this email as it is to admin@tugbiz.com
Yes	To participate for the gas card before it's too late, please follow this link:
Yes	To read more about the new PhoneWeaver for Android with repeating alarms support, PIN number automation and more please visit the following link:
Yes	To register for this event, please reply to this email including your Name, Title, Company, Address, and Telephone Number in the body of your message.
Yes	To register, call the library at 908-709-7272 and ask for John Malar, or send an email to library@cranfordnj.org.
Yes	To review our Terms & Conditions as well as our Privacy Policy, please visit:
Yes	To send us some feedback about the process and to ask any more questions you may have as to why you were sent this, please send us a note to support@kiip.me.
Yes	To start using our services, please activate your account:
Yes	To stop receiving these notifications, please log in to $LINK
Yes	To use this service, please register your card and mobile number online at GreenDot.com.
Yes	To verify that your vehicle, driver, and payment information are current, please log into your policy at:
Yes	To verify your profile and accept the candidacy, please visit here.
Yes	To view it online, please go here:
Yes	To view savings on your oil changes, please move message to the inbox.
Yes	To view the message, please use an HTML compatible email viewer!
Yes	Tricia, Please send these to Kristen Clause in the future.
Yes	Try it out now on the following example.
Yes	Twanda, please calendar.
Yes	Twanda, please get this on my calendar.
Yes	Twanda, please prepare a consulting agreement.
Yes	Type the text you want to search in the find field in search bar, the page will automatically scroll to the first occurrence of the text.
Yes	Use LED when you want to reduce your carbon footprint.
Yes	Verifying this address will let you receive notifications and password resets from GitHub.
Yes	Vicki: I'll assume that for the meeting tomorrow, you folks will call me at my office number--415.782.7822.
Yes	Visit the link below to enter your billing details now and reactivate your account.
Yes	Want to try our new web player?
Yes	Watch it and tell me what you think.
Yes	Wayne can you set up a meeting for the four of us over the next few weeks.
Yes	We are going to the Astro's game tonight, so it would be very easy for one of us (probably Neil) to pick Michael up at your place, probably after 630.
Yes	We are ok for 8:15 on Sunday
Yes	We are packing up PaPa's stuff on Saturday if you want to come by and hang out.
Yes	We are supposed to try to have the break out contract by April 11, and I think the consents and stuff that same week.
Yes	We believe this stuff matters, so please take a few minutes to read our updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Service at $LINK
Yes	We do normally have a very full agenda but if you'll leave me your information, I'll try to stop and say hello.
Yes	We have a lot of updates planned, please tell your friends about our new app.
Yes	We have dinner reservations for Saturday at 7:30.
Yes	We have dinner reservations for Tuesday the 24th at 7:30 pm.
Yes	We need to make sure that this kind of communication conitinues to flow downstream.
Yes	We should also get back to the cash strategy of the desk each morning.
Yes	We welcome your feedback at any time, so please let us know how we are doing at @bookvibe or feedback@bookvibe.com.
Yes	We would like to have the conference call at 200 CST on Sunday.
Yes	We would very much like to speak to you regarding your planned role in Netco and the direction you think the company will take.
Yes	We'd love to hear from you! Please email us at questions@rockmelt.com or tweet us: $LINK
Yes	We're excited to let you know that there's new Clinique makeup at the next page which you can get for $0! Sign up for your makeup right away and give yourself the look you deserve.
Yes	Week after next would be best for lunch.
Yes	Wes, I assume that you will be putting together a final 2000 i/s package for me in the next couple of days.
Yes	Wes, I believe that we don't have any issues recognizing the value from this transaction - please confirm.
Yes	Wes, please have the detailed HPL numbers available to discuss on Monday.
Yes	What about getting together next week for a movie and/or dinner?
Yes	What is the rule for guests on the weekend?
Yes	What is the word on golf this weekend?
Yes	What would you change about the Senate bill?
Yes	When you have time please send me Chaz’s too!
Yes	While it is fresh on my mind -- it would be great if you could capture the following information before our meeting:
Yes	Who do you want to come to PP?s b-day dinner?
Yes	Who makes the ornaments that you like so much?
Yes	Who would you recommend as filling that director position?
Yes	Will you be able to make it to the game tonight?
Yes	Will you guys forward this message to Danise for me.
Yes	Will you please get me access to manage the SJ physical product?
Yes	Will you send a note to folks regarding the GA meeting here in SF next Thursday?
Yes	Will you take a moment to answer a few questions?
Yes	Will you two please get this info to Dutch.
Yes	With all that has transpired in the last several weeks, I know that you must be incredibly busy; but if you can work it in, John Kelley and I would like to meet with you for about 30-40 minutes to give you an update on two initiatives, listed below, aimed at getting the 2012 Olympics to Houston.
Yes	With the Viviance thing, you may prefer to defer the start of this until a little more certainty is on the horizon.
Yes	Works for me, but I have class on Thursday and will have to leave at 5 PM.
Yes	Would be useful to get a copy.
Yes	Would definitely like to gather (phone call or something) prior to the meeting so we (me, you, Rick, Richard) are clear on what our goals are for the meeting and what the agenda needs to look like.
Yes	Would love to have you two join, but worry not if you've got conflicts.
Yes	Would you make sure none of that goofy financial stuff is impacted please?
Yes	Would you mind if I forward it to some other folks in corporate legal who might be interested (i.e., my counterparts)?
Yes	Would you rather do lunch tomorrow?
Yes	Would you send me the purchases?
Yes	Wus up!! Just wondering if you give me directions from BWI to our accomidations on the base??
Yes	Yes, please forward along.
Yes	Yes, we'll be there on Sunday.
Yes	You available for a quick call?
Yes	You by chance know where the review is tomorrow?
Yes	You can check your order status by clicking here: http://wwwapp.us.dell.com/us/en/ordstat/index.asp
Yes	You can come by whenever you want to get the check.
Yes	You don't need to do this right away, when you get a chance go into Unify for Feb and show an actual volume of 0 for the 25th - 28th and a volume of 991014 for the 28th.
Yes	You going to brief me tonite on tomorrow's meeting?
Yes	You guys could not work this out - so I offered a compromise position which involved a well coordinated test marketing iniative (this was agreed to by you and John at the offsite): a) the insurance group was to identify the initial 5 to 10 target customer list that ENA would pitch the product to which should give us a determination if this is a commercially viable product; b) John and Scott would facilitate the contact with the customers to ensure a consistent face and story with the customers - if you guys can sit down and come up with an alternative that works for you - great; regardless, John had promised me that he would do everything necessary to facilitate and promote this capability to these customers ASAP; c) both groups would put a deal team together and get out there ASAP; d) if the test marketing of the product is successful; I agree that we need to sit down and discuss how we formally allign the interests of these groups.
Yes	You have been requested to provide feedback for a participant attending the next program.
Yes	You have to get one of these things.
Yes	You just need to download and install the Wyse PocketCloud Companion software on your Mac or Windows PC from the Wyse website at: $LINK
Yes	You may need to check with Mary or Trisha on transport capacity tickets for Dec forward.
Yes	You may want to give your co-workers a nudge or kick occasionally.
Yes	You might give me a heads up if there's anything on one of the upcoming Wednesday calls that you'd like me to comment on.
Yes	You might tell Mike that we can provide the two of them with desk space as well, but that we will reserve the spot with the computer and phone for Mike.
Yes	You need to get your Visa issues worked out quickly - Kay can help.
Yes	You need to look a a calendar to see when you can come up here.
Yes	You need to take a few minutes and look at this ASAP!
Yes	You will still need to coordinate with the contract group in getting the correct contract in place for the deal.
Yes	Your Google data archive is ready -- please visit $LINK to download it.
Yes	account, or you think you have received this message in error, please ignore this e-mail and no action will be taken.
Yes	e-mails, please visit $LINK 111 Durkee Road NE #120 Cleveland, TN 37323
Yes	if you have not yet got a chance to review us on Appstore, we request you to do so and help us spread awareness among more consumers and businesses like you.
Yes	kmlemanski please do not share this link with anyone, you have until midnight tonight.